第二季第四集 上訴失敗
S2E04 Losing Your Appeal有些人說聖經是最偉大的故事
Some people say the Bible
is the greatest story ever told.最好的故事是
The best story is:男孩遇見女孩  男孩失去女孩  男孩得到女孩
Boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl.對啊
Yeah.男孩遇見女孩
Boy meets girl.第一次那個瞬間
That first moment你老二裡的每顆紅血球都在滲漏
when every corpuscle in your dick is percolating.當然 不是所有人都有相同的衝動
Of course, not everybody has the same impulse.你們在我房裡做什麼?
What are you doing in my room?瑞奇小子 你一整天都躲哪裡去了 啊?
Richie boy, where you been hiding all day, huh?從我的床上滾下來
Get off my bunk. 我想要你吸我的老二   滾開
 I want you to suck my dick.  Get lost.你是玻璃 你吸老二 是有什麼問題?
You're a fag. You suck dick. So what's the problem?我吸我想吸的老二  操你的
I suck the dicks I wanna suck, so fuck you.瑞奇 瑞奇
Richie, Richie.你不應該那樣和我說話
You shouldn't be talking that way to me. 有問題嗎? 紳士們    沒有
 Is there a problem, gentlemen?  No. 放 放開我 去你的   閉上你的嘴
 Get the... Get off me, damn it.
 Keep your mouth shut.你最好小心點 瑞奇
You better watch it, Richie.發生在亞歷山大 沃格身上的事 也會發生在你身上
What happened to Alexander Vogel
is gonna happen to you.你明天會倒吊著醒來
You're gonna wake up tomorrow hanging by your ankles, 死透了   你殺了沃格?
 dead.  You killed Vogel?對 我和席林格
Yeah. Me and Schillinger.現在 他媽快吸我的屌
Now, suck my fucking dick.犯人編號98H462 理查 韓隆
Prisoner number 98H462, Richard Hanlon.1998年6月3日定罪
Convicted June 3rd, '98,持有並販售控管物質
possession and distribution of controlled substance.判刑八年
Sentence, eight years.五年後可假釋
Up for parole in five.嘿 瑞奇
Hey, Richie.怎樣?
Yeah? 我下一個嗎?   什麼?
 Me next?  What?我看到你在玩馬克的軟東西 我下一個
I was watching you play Markie's pud horn. Me next.去你的
Fuck you. 喔 靠   喔 靠
 Oh, shit.  Oh, shit.老兄 你有看到嗎?
Man, did you see that? 是誰推他的?   韓隆
 Who pushed him?  Hanlon.米克麥諾斯 我發誓 是他朝我撲過來
McManus, I swear, he was coming on to me.我把他推開
I shoved him away.你會被控訴謀殺
You're gonna be charged with murder. 幹   警官
 Fuck.  Officer.靠 等等!
Shit, shit. Wait!如果我給你一點情報
If I give you some information,我能得到什麼作為交換?
what kind of deal can I get in return?那要看你的情報是什麼
Well, that depends on your information.是關於謀殺 一件真正的謀殺案
It's about a murder. A real murder. 在奧茲裡發生的?   亞歷山大 沃格
 A murder here in Oz?  Alexander Vogel. 沃格?   對
 Vogel?   Yeah.如果我告訴你是誰殺了沃格
If I tell you who killed Vogel,我可以得到輕一點的罪行嗎?
can I get a lesser charge?那要看你的情報可不可靠
Well, that depends on if your information sticks.我們又見面了 席林格
Here we are again, Schillinger.只是這次 我有你殺了沃格的證據
Only this time, I got proof that you killed Vogel. 證據?   你的朋友麥克自白了
 Proof?  Your friend Mack confessed.放屁
Horseshit.他和另一個犯人說 是你和他一起做的
He told another prisoner
that you and he did the deed together.喔 監獄裡的自白?
Oh, a jailhouse confession?拜託 麥克不會承認的
Please. Mack will deny it.而且我們有兩個人 我們兩個的說法對上那個多嘴的傢伙
And it's the two of us, our word
against whoever the jabber is.麥克正在另一間房間吐露他的心聲呢
Mack's in the other room right now spilling his guts out.我說了 放屁
Like I said, horseshit.就算他是
And even if he was,你覺得我會和你承認是我做的嗎?
do you think I would admit to you that I did it?你是他媽作了什麼瘋狂的夢 才覺得我會讓你感到滿意?
In your wildest fucking dreams,
would I ever give you that satisfaction?不
No.帶他出去
Take him out. 怎麼了   好好聽清楚了
 Yeah?  Listen up and listen good.我的一些朋友非常的生氣
Some friends of mine are very upset你試著把一件謀殺案冠在他們身上
that you tried to pin a certain murder on them. 因為那件事 你死定了   喔 天啊
 For that, you're a dead man.  Oh, Christ.但是 他們願意給你另一個選擇
However, they're offering you an alternative.既然你已經因為殺了一個人待在這裡了
Since you're already in here for one killing,他們建議你也扛下亞歷山大 沃格的謀殺案
they suggest you also confess
to Alexander Vogel's murder.上法院一搏
Take your chances with the court.最好 你被判終生監禁  最壞 你被判死刑
At best, you get life. At worst, you get the death penalty.如果你被判終生 我的朋友會讓你活下來
If you get life, my friends will let you live.如果不是 那樣 你本來也該死了
If not, you're a dead man anyway.所以 選吧
So choose.告訴葛林我想見他
Tell Glynn I wanna see him.我要坦承一件事情
I have a confession to make.乖孩子
Good boy.奧古斯塔斯
Augustus. 審訊的時候到了   我有點頭暈了 老兄
 It's almost time for the hearing.
 I got lost in my head, man.你在想什麼?
What were you thinking?我在想
I was thinking that如果一切順利的話
if all goes well,我可能真的有機會從奧茲裡出去
I might actually be rolling out of Oz.太陽下山的時候 我就能在家裡陪伴我老婆
That by sundown, I could be home with my wife.我會在我的房裡 喝著冰啤酒
I could be in my house drinking a cold beer,看揚基和金鶯的比賽 你懂我說的嗎?
watching the Yankees and the Orioles.
You know what I'm saying?太陽下山的時候
You know, by sundown...我可能真的就自由了 老兄
...l could actually be free, man.嘿
Hey.嘿
Hey.案件編號966133的正式審訊
Formal hearing of case number 966133,希爾 對上州政府
Hill v. the State.薩伊德先生
Mr. Said.法官大人
Your Honour.理查 奇伯勒在州立刑事法庭任職法官時
It is already a matter of public record that Richard Kibler,收賄並判處三個殺人犯較輕的刑罰
while serving as a judge on the state criminal court,已是公眾認定的事實
took money in exchange for giving out more
lenient sentences to three convicted murderers.薩伊德先生聲稱他的客戶遭到不平待遇
Mr. Said claims bias against his client因為他沒有給予賄金 也不知道有那種可能性
because he neither gave bribes nor knew of that possibility.但那並不是不公平待遇
But that in itself is not bias.辯護方必須呈現出實際的證據
The defendant has got to show the actuality,而不是光憑表象
not the appearance of bias.在奇伯勒收賄的同一段時間
Well, at the same time that Kibler was accepting bribes,我的客戶來到他面前
my client came before him.我的客戶被判有罪
Now, my client was found guilty並被奇伯勒判刑終生監禁
and sentenced by Kibler to life imprisonment20年後才可得到假釋
with the possibility of parole in 20 years.法官大人 奧古斯塔斯 希爾冷血地謀殺了一名警官
Your Honour, Augustus Hill
murdered a police officer in cold blood.反對
Objection.他犯下的罪對他得到的刑期有著直接的關聯
The nature of his crime has direct bearing on his sentence.反對無效
Overruled.薩伊德先生要求法庭
Mr. Said has asked the court因為奇伯勒法官被判刑
for an automatic reversal of Hill's conviction來推翻希爾之前的判刑
due to the circumstance of Judge Kibler's conviction.因為那種腐敗貪污的情況
Due to the circumstances of corruption,由於一個不公正的法官
that my client was denied
his fundamental right to a fair trial,我的客戶被拒絕了他得到公正審判的基本權利
presided over by an impartial judge.因為這樣 奧古斯塔斯 希爾
And that therefore, Augustus Hill有理由得到推翻前次定罪的判決
is entitled to an automatic reversal of his conviction.但並沒有法庭作出這種判決的先例
But there is no precedent
for the court to make such a ruling.事實上 這樣做的話 是創造一條法規
In fact, to do so would, in effect, create a rule of law那已經超過了法庭的權限
that is beyond the court's jurisdiction.薩伊德先生 請找來你的第一個證人
Mr. Said, call your first witness.奧古斯塔斯 希爾
Augustus Hill.你願意向神發誓 一切據實以報
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth,實話實說 絕無欺瞞?
and nothing but the truth, so help you God?我願意
I do.怎麼樣了?
How's it going?我也說不清楚
I can't tell yet.這傢伙 佛圖納托 他很強硬 很會說
This guy, Fortunato, he's tough, he's good. 薩伊德呢?   他被駁回了很多次
 And Said?  He gets overruled a lot.我不知道 很奇怪啊 老兄
I don't know. It's funny, man.我比第一次審判的時候還要緊張
I'm more nervous now than I was at my first trial.你有理由啊
Makes sense.你有可能再也不會見到監獄內部
Then you'd never seen the inside of a prison.被監禁也就變成個念頭罷了
Incarceration was merely a concept.現在你知道事實了
Now you know the reality.你知道判決於你不利的後果
You know the price if the verdict goes against you.奧古斯塔斯
Augustus,我們需要切確的證據
we need a smoking gun.我們需要找到一個沒有行賄
We need to find a convicted felon
who was asked to give a bribe, didn't,最後得到不公平刑期的犯人
and then was sentenced unfairly. 你怎麼知道有那種人存在?  就算有 你又要怎麼找到他?
 How do you know that one exists?
 And if he does, how do you find him?這是在草堆裡找一根針嘛
It's a needle in a haystack.最快找到那根針的方法
Quickest way to find the needle,就是把草堆給燒掉
burn the haystack.那他媽是什麼意思?
What the fuck does that mean?你看 我的兄弟
Here you go, my brother.一份被奇伯勒審判的殺人犯名單
A list of names of all the murderers convicted by Kibler.如果他們其中一個人願意作證他們沒有付錢
Now, if one of them testifies
that they didn't offer a bribe我們證明他們被判得不公正
and we show that they were sentenced unfairly,我們就能證實偏見確實存在
we prove bias.我們沒有時間去聯絡所有的人 老兄
We ain't got time to contact all these people, man.我們正在開庭中啊
We in the middle of the trial.我們一個星期前就該想到了
We should've thought of this a week ago, man.我們已經說過了 不會有使用電話的特權
We've already told you,
no special phone privileges.讓我用傳真來聯絡清單上的人
Let me use the fax to contact the men on the list.不行
No.你以為我會幫你把這間監獄變成人民法院?
You think I'm gonna help you turn
this prison into The People's Court?你贏了 你會替所有的犯人重新翻案
You win this one, you'll be reopening
the case of every prisoner in here.那錯了嗎? 為正義抗爭?
And is that wrong? To strive for justice? 正義?   對
 Justice?  Yeah.貪汙? 不管是不是那個法官 希爾殺了一個警察
Crooked? judge or not, Hill shot a cop.警官
Officer.不管我有沒有贏這件案子 獄長
Whether I win or lose this case, warden,我永遠不會停止幫助我的兄弟們得到自由
I am never gonna stop
helping my brothers fight for freedom.他說不行 又一次
He said no. Again.所以我會打電話給我的出版商
So I'm gonna call my publisher,讓他聯絡那些人的律師
get him to contact the lawyers of all the men convicted.那還是需要我們沒有的東西  時間
Still gonna take the one thing we ain't got: time.那我們就製造時間
Then we create time.如果判決對我們不利 我會上訴
If the decision goes against us, I'll appeal.基於什麼理由?
On what grounds?萊瑪法官駁回我所有的反對是因為種族歧視
The only reason Judge Lema is
overruling all my objections is racism.就不是因為你的反對都很白癡 是吧?
It couldn't be because most
of your objections are stupid, right?不 也不會是因為 你知道嘛
No. It couldn't be because maybe, you know,你沒有你自己想像中那麼好
you're not as good a lawyer as you think you are.你想換掉我嗎?
You wanna replace me?你想要讓比雀處理我們的訴訟?
You wanna get Beecher to take up our cause?我們的訴訟?
Our cause?這不是我們的訴訟 這他媽是我的人生
This is not our cause, this is my fucking life.我不是你 老兄
I am not you, man.我不想當個烈士 或是該死的聖人
I don't wanna be a martyr or a fucking saint.我只想要離開這裡 得到自由
All I wanna do is get out of here and be free.你要是辦不到 他媽就離我遠一點
Either you can do that or you leave me the fuck alone.操他媽的!
Goddamn it!在我下判決前有人有任何話要說嗎?
Does anyone else have anything to say before I give my ruling?是的 法官大人 我有話要說
Yes, Your Honour, I do.簡潔一點 薩伊德先生 我開車回去很遠 尖峰時段
Make it snappy, Mr. Said.
I've got a long ride home. Rush hour.因為我和我的客戶是犯人
Because my client and I are prisoners我們的時間和資源都受到了一定的限制
and certain restrictions are placed
upon our time and our resources,我們沒有機會去取得更進一步的證據
we do not have the opportunity to obtain further evidence. 收到了   還有一件事 法官大人
 Duly noted.  One more thing, Your Honour.我們或許永遠不會知道
We'll probably never know奇伯勒法官是怎麼看待奧古斯塔斯 希爾
what Judge Kibler thought about Augustus Hill.但我們很清楚他如何看待正義
But we have a pretty clear picture
about what he thinks about justice.謝謝你
Thank you.州政府的立場是
To the State's argument因為沒有推翻定罪的前例
that because there is no precedent
for reversing the conviction,作出這樣的裁決將會超越這個法庭的權限
that this court would be ruling
beyond its jurisdiction,我來說的話 鬼扯
I say, "Bunk."前例之所以變成前例
How do precedents become precedents不就是法官判決的嗎?
unless some judge sets one?然而  以州政府的觀點來說
However, the State's view辯護方必須拿出比偏見表象更多的證據
that the defendant must show more
than the appearance of bias才能證實
rings true.我已經仔細看過希爾先生在庭審上的紀錄
I have reviewed the transcript of Mr. Hill's trial thoroughly.奇伯勒法官在言行上
At no point did Judge Kibler, in word or deed,並沒有超出司法程序規範的限制
act beyond the limits
of the rules of judicial procedure.根據罪行嚴重程度所判下的刑期
And the sentencing, given the severity of the convictions,並未顯示過度嚴厲
does not appear to be unduly cruel...或是不尋常的跡象
...or unusual.因此  我的裁決站在州政府這一邊
Therefore, I rule in favour of the State否決推翻奧古斯塔斯 希爾定罪的請願
and deny Augustus Hill's motion for a reversal of his conviction.不要失去信心 兄弟  這只是剛開始而已
Do not lose faith, my brother. This is just the beginning.不 結束了
No. It's over. 奧古斯塔斯...    不
 Augustus...   No.我不能再忍受這些鳥事了
I can't handle this shit any more.我告訴過你了 這需要時間
I told you before, these things take time. 法律是...   不是法律  老兄
 The law is very...   it's not the law, man.我不是不能忍受法律程序  而是希望
It's not the law that I can't handle. It's the hope.希望正在把我壓垮啊 老兄
The hope is crushing me, man.希望?  我們只有希望啊
Hope? Hope is all we have.不  我只有奧茲
No. All I have is Oz.好了  誰想下一個來?
All right, who wants to go next? 嘿  我能讀一首詩嗎?   好啊
 Hey, can I read a poem?   Yeah.我寫的
Something I wrote.我牢房的裡側
The inside of my cell在我尋找清靜之時  看我被它的平靜所引誘
See me be seduced by its serenity
In my search for privacy在緊閉的牢籠之後
Behind the locked cages立法者們升起 但平靜死去
The makers of the rules rise
But peace dies詛咒是親吻  愛意是不敬
Curses is kisses
And adoration is disses在這美麗地醜惡的地方  我看到了我的永遠
In this beautifully disgusting place
Where I see my forever稱它作翡翠城...
Call it Emerald City Ex... 死玻璃 你講完你的玻璃話了嗎?   你叫誰玻璃?
 Faggot, you done with your faggotry?
 Who you calling a faggot?我他媽就叫你玻璃  死玻璃
I'm calling you a fucking faggot, you faggot. 嘿 大夥   嘿 嘿 嘿
 Hey, guys.   Hey, hey, hey.你已經在這裡惹事過一次了
Now, you already started one fight in here.下一次就是在普通牢房裡  回去
Next one's gonna be in gen pop. Step back.繼續走 滾出去
Go on, get out of here.汪格勒需要調整態度 你懂嗎?
Wangler needs attitude realignment, you know?因為我逼他來上課 所以他很火大
Well, he's pissed off because
I'm forcing him to come to class.我不懂  他原本學習的進度很好
I don't get it. He was doing well learning how to read. 現在他完全不想學了   阿德比希在找他麻煩
 Now he's shut off completely.
 Adebisi's giving him heat.我在試著給他一些空間
So I'm trying to give him room to move.詩人作得怎麼樣了?
What about Poet? 那小子很有天分   聽著
 Kid's got talent.   Listen.這裡有個錄音機
Here's a tape recorder.你錄下五、六首他的詩  再拿給我
You record five or six of his poems, give this back to me. 為什麼?   我有個計劃
 Why?   I got a plan.謝謝你
Thank you. 坐下吧   你想要什麼 米克麥諾斯?
 Have a seat.   What do you want, McManus?我讀完你那本有關暴動的書了   我猜你想要我的簽名
 I finished your book on the riot.
 I suppose you want my autograph.我想和你談談詩人的事
I wanna talk to you about Poet.這裡有一些他的作品
There's some of his work.我想要你聯絡你的出版商  給他看看這些詩
I want you to contact your publisher,
show him those poems.你記得我第一次站在你的辦公室裡的時候嗎?  米克麥諾斯
Do you remember the first time
I stood in your office, McManus?你和我說
You told me that my, quote,我的名氣不會給我在奧茲裡帶來任何額外的好處
my celebrity status wouldn't give me
any extra advantages inside of Oz.上星期你才提醒過我這件事呢
And you reminded me of that last week.那看看現在我們在談什麼
And now here we are,你想用我的名氣得到好處
with you taking advantage of me, of my status.這不是關於你 薩伊德  這是有關詩人 有關他的未來
This isn't about you, Said. This is about Poet, his future.不 也是關於你  讓你的學生的作品被出版
No, it's also about you.
Having one of your students published會讓你的教育課程得到媒體的報導
will get you press coverage
for your educational program.你就像個英雄
You'd look like a hero.你有機會幫助一個人 一個犯人同伴
You have the opportunity
to help someone here, a fellow inmate.我不用你來告訴我什麼時候來幫助我的兄弟
I don't need you to tell me when to help a brother.聽著 就這一次 我們能不能就先把我們之間的事擺在一旁?
Look, could we just put aside
all the bullshit between us for once?就這一次
Once. 給我一點 阿德比希   不行
 Let me get some, Adebisi   No. 我要...   給我一點奶子啦
 I'm looking out for...  Let me get some tits.拜託 老兄 給我一點奶子 老兄 快點啦
Come on, man, let me get some tits,
man. Come on, man. 嘿   給我一點奶子嘛
 Hey.  Let me get some tits.嘿 你好幾個星期沒付我們錢了 滾開
Hey, you haven't paid us in weeks. Fuck off.快啊 老兄 讓我爽一下
Come on, man. Just hook me up.唷  去寫點東西 杜博斯 好嗎?
Yo, yo, go write something, Du Bois. All right?你知道你克服了這裡的艱難嗎?
Do you realise you've beaten the odds in here? 你把握了你的才華   什麼?
 You've held on to your gift.   Say what?我和我的出版商講了你的事
I've spoken to my publisher about you. 出版商?   對啊
 Publisher?  Oh, yeah.對你的作品很有興趣
Very interested in your work.讀詩的玻璃
... Poetryreading faggot.對 快啊 讀些什麼來聽啊 婊子
Yeah, come on. Come on, recite something, bitch.帽子真好看啊
Nice fucking hat. 別質疑你自己 兄弟   唷 莎士比亞
 Don't doubt yourself, my brother.   Yo, Shakespeare. 快教我寫詩啊   他們都是虛假的
 Come on, teach me poetry.  They are a lie. 站在桌上讀啊   坐下
 Get up on that table and read.  Sit.臭婊子
Bitch. 讓他們嘲笑你吧   操
 Let them mock you.   Fuck. 帶上你念詩的屁股   最後 他們就知道了
 Bring your poetryreading ass.
 In the end, they will see.我要捅他們其中一個渾蛋一刀就不是這樣了 老兄
Not if I jack one of them motherfuckers first, man.聽著  你看著我  詩人
You listen to me. You look at me, Poet.你有責任  你有一份天職
You have a responsibility. You have a calling.老兄 別和我說那些屁話
Man, don't feed me none of that bullshit.和我說怎麼做就好了
Just tell me what the fuck I gotta do.別做
Nothing.什麼都別做
Do nothing...只要信任我
...except trust me.唷 柯林姆 你說得對
Yo, Kareem, you was right.你說得對耶 我要出書了
You was right. I'm about to get published. 恭喜 我的兄弟   嘿 太好了
 Congratulations, my brother.  Hey. That's great. 對啊 對啊   在哪裡? Yes, yes.   Where?一本詩集  叫作未傾聽的美國
It's an anthology of poems called Unheard America.他們會給他特別的篇幅
They're giving him a featured appearance. 太棒了   他們給我報酬呢
 That's terrific.   And they're giving me cake.看看這個
Look at that.給你兩張
Now you got two.給我奶子 給我奶子啊
Tit me, man. Tit me, man.你做了什麼才拿到錢的 婊子
What did you do to get this, bitch?嘿 你從哪拿到錢的?
Hey, where did you get this? 詩   詩?
 Poetry.   Poetry?誰他媽付錢給詩?
Who the fuck pays for poetry?嘿 唷
Hey, yo,一家出版社把我的東西放進他們書裡
a publishing house put some of my work in their book.真的假的?  等等
No shit? Wait, wait.教我寫  對 教我該怎麼寫
Teach me to write. Oh, yeah, teach me to write.我不能教你啊
I can't teach you to write.我想要和奈及利亞押韻的詞
I want to write rhymes about Nigeria.沒有和奈及利亞押韻的詞
Don't nothing rhyme with Nigeria.臭婊子 給我
Bitch, give me that.我 我 我 我吉利亞
My, my, my, my, my, mygeria還有什麼? 幫我 幫我 幫我
What was the other one? Help me, help me, help me.自助餐廳呀
  Cafeteria.  Cafeteria. 還有奈及利亞   拉肚子呀
 And Nigeria  To release my "diarrhoearhea"自助餐廳呀
 Cafeteria   Cafeteria 會拉肚子   我拉肚子
 Get diarrhoea  My "diarrhoearhea"奈及利亞
Nigeria及利亞
Geria喔 正點呀
Oh, shit, yeah.唷 怎麼了 老兄?
Yo, what's happening, man?我看過阿德比希用他的自我毀滅
You know, I have seen Adebisi destroy others來摧毀其他人
with his own selfdestruction.大哥 我們只是... 我們只是洗衣服而已
Man, we was just...
We was just doing laundry, man.只是洗衣服而已啦 他媽的是要怎樣?
We was doing laundry, man. What the fuck?你知道...
You know...你知道  你他媽就是那麼乾淨又正直
You know, you're so fucking clean and righteous, man.你懂我意思嗎? 我被魔鬼纏身了
You know what I'm saying?
I got demons clawing at my ass.我也是 我的兄弟  但他們無法打倒我
So do I, my brother, but they can't take me down.你必須用自己的意志抗爭  那就是阿拉的庇護
You must learn to fight with your will.
That is the shield of Allah. 他們一直來啊   那都是錯覺
 Man, they just keep coming.  Delusions.這才是你的現實
This is your reality.相信祂的力量  相信祂會保護你
Believe in his power. Believe in his power to keep you.老兄 那都是狗屁話  又是那種狗屁話
Man, that's that bullshit, you know? That's that bullshit. 那是...   要相信
 That's that...   Believe.為什麼?
Why?我已經決定了
I have taken it upon myself招集著名的作家來請願讓你假釋
to rally a network of eminent writers calling for your parole. 我的假釋   我告訴你 兄弟
 My parole.   I'm telling you, my brother.我們要把你變成美國正義的象徵
We're gonna turn you
into a symbol of justice in America.你會像鳳凰一樣  用你的詩展翅高飛
You're gonna be like the phoenix, rising, through your poetry,從一個毒藥之家的灰燼中重生
from the ashes of a crack house. 象徵? 我? 最好是啦   是啊
 A symbol? Me? Shit.   Yeah.群眾在奧斯渥德最高戒備感化所外集結
A crowd has gathered outside Oswald
Maximum Security Penitentiary來支援阿諾 傑克森  一名犯人
in growing support for Arnold Jackson, an inmate whose poetry他的詩激起了一群作家和藝術家的行動
has fomented a movementof writers and artists要求他能被給予假釋聽證會
demanding that he be granted a parole review.請求釋放傑克森先生的活動是由佛斯特 派瑞開始的
The campaign to free Mr. Jackson started with Foster Perry,他是接下來要出版的邊緣文學選集的出版商
the publisher of an upcoming
anthology of marginal literature該書標題為未傾聽的美國
titled Unheard America.很多評論指出
Many critics are saying這是為了讓書引起轟動的商業計謀
this is a commercial ploy
to create a sensation around the book,但藝術界中的幾個代表人物
but several figures in the arts也替傑克森先生的事情付出他們的力量
have committed their efforts to Mr. Jackson's case,聲稱他是一個稀世的天才  迷失在我們國家野蠻的監獄系統中
claiming he is a rare talent lost inside
our country's barbaric prison system. 操   就是這樣
 Fuck.   Damn right.男孩遇見女孩  男孩失去女孩  男孩得到女孩
Boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl.那是最好的部分 對吧?
And that's the best part, right?在所有的鳥事之後
After all that shit that's come before,兩個愛人總算看著對方的眼睛
the two lovers finally stare in each other's eyes,然後...故事結束了
and...the story ends.只是
Only...男孩和女孩躺下之後呢?
...what happens after boy gets down with girl?好  他開始摸她  她開始碰他
Well, he starts to get at her, she starts to get to him.男孩讓女孩瘋狂  反之亦然
Boy makes girl crazy and vice versa.天 這真棒
Man, this is great.不用工作  沒有獄警找麻煩  也沒有白目在面前堵氣
No work detail, no COs hassling me, no punks up in my face.告訴妳  快死掉也是有好處的  醫生
I'm telling you, there's an upside to dying, doc.你不會死掉  手術很成功
You're not dying. The surgery was successful.在你胸口的腫瘤已經被移除了
The lump in your breast has been removed.化療會接著清除你的病灶
The chemo's doing the rest.是喔  那癌症復發的機率有多高?
Yeah, so, what are the chances of the cancer coming back?90%的第二期病人活過了接下來的五年
Ninety percent of stagetwo men are alive after five years,63%的人活了十年
and 63 percent are alive after ten years.我假釋是11年後  未來很有可能
I'm up for parole in 11 years. The way things go for me,我自由以後  腫瘤又長回來了
I'll get released and...Boom! The tumour's back.你很年輕  其他方面都很健康
You're young. You're otherwise healthy.你沒問題的
You'll be okay.萊恩 歐萊利今天要回來翡翠城
Ryan O'Reily's coming back to Emerald City today.喔 是喔
Oh, yeah?在醫院他媽待了很長一段時間啊
Been in the hospital a long fucking time.絕對是出什麼事了
Must be something really wrong with him.我聽說歐萊利在班曲利紀念醫院作了手術
I hear O'Reily had surgery at Benchley Memorial現在他要開始作化療
and now he's going through chemotherapy.化療 那很糟啊 老兄  那東西會有很壞的副作用
Chemo, that's bad, man. That shit does bad shit to you.也可以救你的命啊
It can also save your life.你他媽看什麼看?
What the fuck you looking at? 沒有 萊恩   他媽給我滾出去
 Nothing, Ryan.   Get the fuck out of here.嘿 我想回來廚房
Hey, I want back in the kitchen. 別想   施貝塔 我沒在跟你開玩笑
 Forget about it.   Schibetta, I'm not fucking around.他說了你別想  小病號
He says forget about it, cancer boy. 臭玻璃   歐萊利 你想變得和我們一樣是不是?
 Faggot.   O'Reily, you trying to look like us?對 我想變醜
Yeah, I'm trying to be ugly.大家都在猜你是發生了什麼事
People have been wondering
what exactly is wrong with you.斯蓋茲說是睪丸癌
Scatz here says it's cancer of the balls,醫生把你的蛋蛋給切掉了
that the doctor cut them off.但我說那不可能
But I say that can't be it.因為你根本就沒有蛋蛋可以切啊
Because you never had any balls to begin with.你知道規矩 歐萊利  你打架就得進洞裡
You know the rules, O'Reily.
You get in a fight, you go to the hole.讓我去啊 他媽的我又不是沒待過
So send me to the fucking hole. I've been there before.我不怕
I ain't afraid.對 可是 依你的狀況  你可能會感冒
Yeah, well, in your condition, you know, you're likely to get a cold,然後你死掉  我就得交一大堆的報告
then you die, and then I got a shitload of paperwork to do.真好笑
That's funny.聽著 萊恩 你還有六個星期的化療
Look, Ryan, you've got six weeks of chemo left.好嗎? 所以我們決定你可以待在病房直到結束
Okay? So we decided you can stay in the ward until then.帶他去醫院
Take him to the hospital.嘿
Hey.嘿
Hey.感覺怎麼樣?
How are you feeling?身體上沒問題
Physically, fine.但我得跟妳說 自從我搭上去醫院的箱車後
But I gotta tell you, ever since riding
in the van on the way to surgery,妳知道  在外頭是我唯一能想著的事情
you know, being on the outside.
Since then, that's all I can think about.妳知道  自由的感覺
You know, being free.做我想念的事情  那些在這裡不能做的事情
Doing the things that I miss. Things that I can't do in here.像什麼?  你最想念什麼?
Like what? What do you miss most?接吻
Kissing. 你想念你的老婆   我想念熱情
 You miss your wife.   I miss affection.任何一種熱情
Any kind of affection.就像在動手術之前  妳牽了我的手
Like just before the operation when you took my hand,你的肌膚的溫度
the heat of your skin...在我身上點了一把火
...it sent a brushfire through my body.好笑吧  啊?
Funny, huh?就這麼簡單的事  指尖的碰觸
A simple thing like that. Fingers touching fingers.我想要碰妳
I wanna touch you.我想要吻妳
I wanna kiss you.別那樣做
Well, don't. 嘿 葛羅莉亞   嘿
 Hello, Gloria.   Hey.怎麼啦?
What's wrong?為什麼妳會覺得我怎麼了?
What makes you think something's wrong?我是心理學家和修女
Well, I'm a psychologist and a nun.通常 在這兩者之間 總有什麼是有問題的
Usually, between the two, there's something wrong.妳知道 在醫學院的時候
You know, in med school,他們不斷告訴我們
the one thing they keep pounding into our heads:醫生不表現出情緒
Doctors don't show emotion.醫生保持距離
Doctors keep their distance.醫生不和病人牽扯過多
Doctors don't get involved with a patient.喔 天啊
Oh, my.我能問是誰嗎?
May I ask which one?萊恩 歐萊利
Ryan O'Reily.為什麼?  為什麼妳特別受到他的吸引?
Why him? Why are you attracted to him specifically?不知道
I don't know.他很帥
He's handsome.他有那種奇怪的愛爾蘭人魅力
He's got the bullshit lrish charm.還有乳癌
And breast cancer.我媽也有乳癌
My mom had breast cancer.我的阿姨  我的姊姊
My aunt, my sister.我可能也會有吧
I'm probably gonna get it too.我知道他會經歷什麼
I know what he's going through.那不是愛 葛羅莉亞 那是同情
That's not love, Gloria, that's empathy.想要我的建議嗎?
Want my advice?回家找妳老公  跟他做愛
Go home to your husband, make love to him.把對歐萊利的感情徹底根除
Stomp these feelings for O'Reily into the ground.妳要是不那樣 會惹上麻煩的
Because unless you do, you're gonna have trouble.嗯 看起來不太會留疤
Well, it doesn't look like there'll be much scarring. 還會噁心想吐嗎?   不會
 How's the nausea?  Gone. 胃口呢?   回來了
 And your appetite?  Back. 會疲勞嗎?   親我
 Fatigue?  Kiss me. 不   親我
 No.  Kiss me. 不要   拜託? 嘿
 No.  Please? Hey.妳知道我的事情 也知道我的感受
You know what I know, and you feel what I feel.萊恩...
Ryan...萊恩!  警官
Ryan! Officer. 把他帶回翡城   隨便
 Take him back to Em City.  Fine.操
Fuck.嘿 女孩 看看我
Hey, girl, take a look at me讓我弄髒妳的思緒
Let me dirty up your mind, yeah我會解下妳冷硬的表層
I'll strip away your hard veneer讓我看看我能找到什麼
Let me see what I can find你在尿尿
You're peeing. 我正在試   我得尿尿
 I'm trying.  I have to pee.你說要挖洞離開奧茲是認真的嗎?
You're serious about escaping from Oz by digging a hole?那是他們叫我地鼠的原因
That's why they call me the Mole.我曾經鑽進一個銀行金庫 在地下有20尺厚的牆
I once dug my way into a bank vault
with walls 20 feet into the ground.那你要讓我跟你出去嗎?
And your offer to let me follow you out? 我要走的時候 我就不會回頭了   我知道
 When I go, I won't be looking back.  I see.如果兩個人挖 會快一點 是吧?
If two people dig, it'll go faster, right? 對   我過去是個建築師
 Sure.   I used to be an architect.我知道建築構造的事
I know about structures.讓我幫忙
Let me help.哈囉 威廉
Hello, William.抱歉 得把你綁起來
Sorry about the restraints.彼得 彼得瑪莉
Peter. Peter Marie. 彼得 彼得瑪莉   對 對 沒錯
 Peter. Peter Marie.   Yeah. Yeah, that's right.我想說我經過 所以我們可以聊一聊
I thought I'd come by so we could talk.掃把
Broom.掃把  對 你上次和我說過了
Broom. Yeah, you said that last time to me.生病
Sick.你也說了 那是什麼意思?
You said that too. What does it mean?生病和掃把
Sick and broom.你想試著告訴我什麼呀?
What are you trying to tell me?生病 掃把 愛情
Sick, broom, amour. 生病...   不! 不!
 Sick...  No! No! 沒關係!   不! 不!
 It's okay.   No! No! 沒關係的   不!
 It's all right.   No! 不! 不!   好了 好了
 No! No!   It's okay, it's okay.冷靜下來 沒事的 威廉
Calm down, calm down. It's okay. William.沒事了  威廉 冷靜下來吧
It's all right, William. Calm down.好
Okay.我們照你的速度慢慢來  好嗎?
We'll just take it as slowly as you want, okay?你需要多少時間都沒問題 好嗎?
We have all the time that you need, okay?街道
Street.街道?
Street?街道
Street.大道
Avenue?街道
Street.好
Okay.街道
Street.我才不要
I can't do that.我只是說  為什麼我們開會前不能先祈禱呢?
All I'm saying is that I don't see why we can't
start these meetings with a prayer. 拜託 老兄  大夥們
 Come on, man.   Guys. 薩伊德 你不同意嗎?   祈禱本身並無意義
 Said, don't you agree?   A prayer in itself is meaningless除非祈禱者是真心相信
unless those who offer it do so from true belief.喔 別說這種廢話了  我們來講打炮這事行嗎?
Oh, man, enough of this shit. Can we just talk about sex?對啊 對啊 我們想要夫妻探訪
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We wanna bring back conjugals.是  我已經在努力了 還有得等呢
Yeah, I'm working on it, fellas.
We're a long ways away. 下一項   我對一件事很不滿
 Next.   Yeah, I got a grievance.說吧
Go ahead. 有些人很臭   喔 阿德比希
 Certain guys stink.   Oh, Adebisi.我知道有些人是從很遠的地方來的
I know some people come from faraway places那些地方的人不洗澡  但在美國
where they don't bathe, but in America,我想洗澡應該要強制執行  就算只是為了健康因素
I think washing should be mandatory,
if only for healthcode reasons.偶爾洗個澡吧
Take a fucking bath once in a while.你想替我洗澡嗎  小小尼諾?
You wanna bath me up, eh, little Nino? 喔 靠   你想要是吧 對不對?
 Oh, shit.   You'd like that, huh?替我塗肥皂?
Soaping me up, eh?那他媽就是你的洗澡水啦  那是你的洗澡水
There's your fucking bath right there. There's your fucking bath.好囉  我想該散會了
All right, I guess this meeting is adjourned.阿德比希 回你的牢房  施貝塔 到我的辦公室
Adebisi, go back to your pod. Schibetta, to my office.我們不會再來開會的理由就是因為這樣啦 米克麥諾斯
This is why we'll never come
to your meetings again, McManus.米格爾
Miguel. 要坐嗎?   我不會待很久
 Sit?   I ain't staying too long. 你跟我 我們有很多共通點   我可不這麼想
 You and me, we got a lot in common.  I don't think so.喔 我們都流著拉丁人的血  而且我們都在賣毒品
Well, we both have Latin blood and we both peddle tits.我的話 我是賣街頭的毒品  海洛因  大麻
Me, I'm strictly a streetdrug guy. Heroin, marijuana.你呢  因為你在監獄醫院工作
You, because you work in the prison hospital,你兜售藥片
you sell pharmaceuticals.我想我們應該合併生意
So I'm thinking we should combine. 不了 多謝   我願意六四分
 No, thanks.  I'm willing to divide the pie 6040.你知道我賺得可比你多太多了
And you know I make a shitload more than you.你為什麼要對我那麼慷慨 老兄?
Why you wanna be so generous with me, man?我想要阿德比希去死
I want Adebisi dead.怎樣 我看起來像個傻子是不是?
What, do I look like a mook to you?你跟我六四分  我只要殺了阿德比希?
You're offering me 6040 and all I gotta do is kill Adebisi?靠 你幹嘛不找他做這事 啊?
Shit. Why don't you have him do it, huh?大家都知道我討厭阿德比希
Everyone knows I hate Adebisi.他死了 沒人懷疑你
He turns up dead, no one suspects you.鬼扯 他媽的鬼扯
That's bullshit. That's bullshit.不 我來和你說說你在想什麼吧
No, I'll tell you what you're thinking.你在想  一個西班牙佬殺了一個黑鬼 他們就會開戰
You're thinking, a spic kills the cocolo, they end up at war.我沒惡意啊  但你他媽去死一死吧
No offense, no offense, but drop fucking dead.嘿 大哥  我最近在想
Hey, Papi, I've been thinking.是喔?  那對你來說肯定是個全新的體驗吧?
Yeah? That must be
a new experience for you, huh?我在想和你做生意
About me and you in business.靠  我應該要看一下我的星座運勢  你知道嗎?
Shit. I should have read my horoscope, you know?今天是我的幸運日啊  大家都想分我錢
Today's my lucky day.  Everybody wanna share the wealth.別說  讓我猜一下
Don't tell me, let me guess, right?你想殺他  對吧?
You want me to kill him, right?你知道規矩  我們不動聰明人的
You know the rules. We don't whack Wiseguys.操他媽規矩  施貝塔又不是尼諾
Fuck the rules. Schibetta ain't Nino.這個沒有種
This one got no balls...你也沒有
...and neither do you.唷 你就這樣讓他污辱你嗎 老兄?
Yo, you gonna let him
fucking disrespect you like that, man?聽著  他和義佬就快鬧翻了
Look, he and the wop are
two breaths away from going down.我們  我們就拉把椅子  坐著 放鬆
Us, we're gonna pull up a lawn chair,
we gonna sit back, we gonna relax,我們就看他們鬥得死去活來  你懂我的意思嗎?
and we gonna watch them go. You got me?然後我們就去撿剩下來的東西
Then we'll pick up the pieces of whatever's left over. 好嗎?   好
 All right?   All right.很好  寶貝
All right, baby.快啊  男孩們  使出你們的渾身解數
Come on, boys. Be all that you can be.現在  你可能會說
Now, you probably saying:男孩遇見女孩  這種故事他媽的有夠無聊
"Boy meets girl, that's one boring fucking story.還不都一樣
It's always the same."但也有很多不同的變化
But there are variations on the theme, like:像是男孩遇見了一隻狗   男孩失去了那隻狗  男孩買了隻新的狗
boy meets dog, boy loses dog, boy buys new dog.或是女孩遇見了心理醫師
Or girl meets psychiatrist,女孩作了十年的心理治療
girl goes to therapy for the next ten years.或是 在奧茲裡總是會有...
Or in Oz, there's always...男孩遇見男孩
...boy meets boy.犯人編號98K514  克里斯托弗 凱勒
Prisoner number 98K514, Christopher Keller.1998年6月16號定罪  一級謀殺
Convicted June 16th, '98. Felony murder,兩項謀殺未遂  使用致命武器  強劫
two counts attempted murder,
assault with a deadly weapon, robbery,神智不清駕駛  魯莽駕駛
driving while under the influence, reckless driving.判刑88年  50年後可假釋
Sentence, 88 years. Up for parole in 50.希爾  東西收一收
Hill, gather your stuff. 你得搬去另一個牢房   什麼? 為什麼?
 You're moving to another pod.   What? Why?米克麥諾斯想讓人員流動
McManus wants to keep mixing things up.不想讓室友們過度依賴對方
Doesn't want roommates
getting attached to each other. 誰要搬進來?   新人
 Who's moving in here?   New guy.克里斯 凱勒  托比亞斯 比雀
Chris Keller, Tobias Beecher.他會是你在翡翠城的負責人  會教導你規矩
He'll be your sponsor in Emerald City.
He's gonna show you the ropes.你是玻璃嗎?
So you a fag?不是  你呢?
No. You?我做我必須做的事
I do what I have to.有老鼠在花園裡  抓住他們  大狗
Rats in the garden. Catch them, Towser牛在玉米田裡  跑啊 男孩們 快跑
Cow's in the cornfield. Run, boys, run貓在奶壺裡  現在停止她呀  先生
Cat's in the cream pot. Stop her now, sir火焰竄延山頂  跑啊 男孩們 快跑
Fire on the mountain. Run, boys, run你是新來的婊子嗎?
You the new prag?用電話你得付10元
It's gonna cost you $10 to use the phone.什麼?
What?你得付10元才能進去
It's gonna cost you 10 bucks to get in there. 喔 是嗎?   對
 Oh, yeah?   Yeah.我鼻子他媽的骨折了
Broke my fucking nose.喂  發生了什麼事?  怎麼了?
Whoa, what's going on?  What's going on?嘿  最好去急診室看一下
Hey, better get to the ER.我欠你
I owe you.我才不是為了你 老兄  我討厭那些雅利安混帳
I didn't do it for you, pal.  I hate those Aryan fucks.進來  比雀  坐下
Come in, Beecher. Sit down.在希爾審訊的那一天  我碰到了葛蕾斯 萊瑪法官
The other day, before Hill's hearing, I met Judge Grace Lema. 喔 是嗎? 那賤女人怎樣了?   她問了你的事
 Oh, really? How is the cunt?   She asked about you.那賤女人把我丟進來的
The cunt put me in here.那賤女人給了我最嚴厲的刑期
The cunt gave me the toughest sentence possible.她要求來見你
She asked if she could come and see you.真他媽賤人
What a cunt.你知道嗎  我的審判用了28天
You know, my trial lasted 28 days.那些日子裡的每一天
And every single one of those days,我都得看著那個賤人的臉
I had to stare up at that cunt's face看她敲那根該死的木槌  指示陪審團盡可能地整死我
while she banged her cunt gavel
and instructed the jury to fuck me over.我那時沒有選擇
I didn't have a choice.我一定要見那個賤人
I had to see the cunt. 現在我不用了   不  你要見她
 Now I don't have to.   Yes, you do.你要逼我?
You gonna force me?對
Yes.為什麼?
Why?因為我認為這對你有療效  最後你會感謝我
Because I think it'll be therapeutic. Ultimately, you'll thank me.你知道嗎?
You know what?你也是個賤人
You're a cunt too.比雀先生  我感謝你抽出時間來見我
Mr. Beecher, I appreciate your taking the time to see me.喔 妳知道  能從不斷被幹屁股 休息一下也不錯
Well, you know, it's a nice break from getting fucked up the ass. 比雀   沒關係
 Beecher.   It's all right.你可以自由發言
You can speak freely.我想在庭審的時候  你一直沒有那個機會
I'm afraid, in court, you never had that chance.有什麼差別嗎?
Would it have made a difference?不會
No.小姐
Lady,妳想要怎樣?
what do you want?我當了16年的法官
I've been a judge for 16 years.我判了超過2500件的案子  大部分的決定都是不錯的
I've made over 2500 decisions. Most of them were good.但只有一個案子讓我放不下  就是你的
But only one has haunted me. Yours.你看  我總是對我自己的公正感到驕傲
You see, I've always prided myself on being fair.在我的法庭中  正義是被視而不見的
That in my court, justice was truly blind.但你的案子
But in your case,那個小女孩
that little girl,她的父母哭得那麼慘
her parents crying,你是律師的一員
you being a member of the bar,之前又有酒駕的歷史
your prior arrest for DUl,這一切顯示的麻木不仁
the senselessness of it all,讓我停止了思考
it caught up with me.讓我易怒 又充滿了惡意
I was quicktempered and spiteful to the point where...我甚至無法分辨我是不是給了你一個公正的審判
...l can't tell if I gave you a fair trial.現在 看到你這個樣子  我...
Now seeing you like this, I...我想  或許已經超過了你應得的懲罰
I think maybe the punishment exceeded the crime.而我...
And I'm...那個...
Well...妳怎樣?  很抱歉?
You're what? Sorry?法官大人  妳用了所有的力量來打擊我
Your Honour, you used all your power to crush me.但事實是
But the truth is,我殺了凱西 洛克威爾
I did kill Cathy Rockwell.就算我試過鑽法律漏洞來脫身
And as much as I tried to manipulate
the legal system to get off,來逃過這一切  我還是奪走了她的生命
to get out of it, I took her life.根據法律  每一個罪行有其對應的懲罰刑期
According to the law, each crime
is worth a certain number of years.妳判我在這個屎洞裡待上整整15年!
You gave me a maximum of 15 years in this fuckhole!是不是太多了? 太嚴厲了? 不夠? 我不知道
Is that too much? Too harsh? Not enough? I don't know.妳說妳放不下?  那我也是
You say you're haunted by what you did? Well, so am I.如果妳來這裡是要我原諒妳
And if you came here for me to forgive you...妳找錯人了
...you've come to the wrong man.他在凱西 洛克威爾死去那天就一起消失了
He ceased to exist the day Cathy Rockwell did.妳不可能會從他身上得到任何平靜
And you're not gonna get any more peace out of him就像我也不可能從她身上得到平靜
than I do out of her.對  這可真有療效  多謝啊
Yeah, this was very therapeutic. Thanks.我很抱歉
I'm sorry.比雀先生?
Mr. Beecher?不
No.不
No.不要!
No! 嘿 嘿 你...?   不要碰我
 Hey. Hey. Hey, you...?   Don't touch me. 我只是想說發生...   他媽的把你的手拿開
 I was just wondering what happ...
 Keep your fucking hands off me,你這死玻璃!
you fucking faggot!好吧
All right.好
All right. 嘿   過得怎樣?
 Hey.   How's it going?戴著這東西沖澡可真他媽折磨人
Showering with this baby on is a bitch.昨天晚上  我叫你玻璃  我...
About last night, calling you a faggot, I...忘了吧  我也作過惡夢
Forget about it. I've had my share of nightmares.聽著 那天在電話亭旁你幫我的時候  我告訴過你
Look, when you helped me out the
other day by the phones, I told you...我欠你
...l owe you.我來看的話  你和我  我們不像他們那些人
See, the way I figure it, you and me, we're not like the rest of them.拉丁人  黑人幫  雅利安人
The Latinos, the Homeboys, the Aryans,他們都有彼此撐腰
see, they all got each other.你和我...
You and me...你和我都無依無靠
You and me are standing out there
with our dicks swinging in the wind.我們應該要依靠彼此才對
We should be able to rely on each other.你懂嗎?
You know?信任對方
Trust each other.我很難信任別人
Well, it's hard for me to trust somebody.我也是
Me too.但我們有他媽一大把的時間待在一起  所以...
But we got a long fucking time together, so...我們就看看之後會怎樣吧  好嗎?
...why don't we see what happens, all right?好嗎?
All right?好
All right.很好
Good. 你在這裡  你這吹簫的混帳   嘿 嘿冷靜  馬克
 There you are, you cocksucker.
 Hey, hey, calm down, Mark.他打斷了我的鼻子  你他媽的打斷了我的鼻子!
He broke my nose. You broke my motherfucking nose!嘿 嘿 用你最大的力氣來啊
Hey. Hey, give it your best shot.好了  退後  我們這裡沒事  警官
All right, back off. We're okay here, officer.快點  去運動消消氣
Come on, go work it off.所以  托比任務怎麼樣了?
So how goes Operation Toby?需要一點時間
It'll take some time.別擔心  早晚比雀會任我掌控
But don't worry, sooner or later, Beecher will be mine.男孩遇見女孩  男孩來了一發
Boy meets girl, boy gets laid.是什麼讓我們想要操別人?
What makes us wanna fuck somebody?是他們眼睛的顏色  他們雙腿的形狀
Is it the colour of their eyes, the shape of their legs,或是他們的鞋跟?
the spike of their heels?或是那些詩人告訴我們的
Or is it what the poets tell us?是更深層的東西  一種共享的失落
That there's something deeper, a shared loss.找到懂得我們傷憂深處的人的一種渴望
A longing to find someone
who knows the depth of our sadness.有些人花了一輩子尋找這樣的人
Some people search their whole lives for that someone.有些人找到了  有些人沒有
Some find them, some don't.有些人欺騙自己  相信自己陷入了愛河
Some fool themselves into believing they're in love.在奧茲裡  大部分的時候
And in Oz, most times,假象比現實更為美好
the illusion is better than reality.英文字幕: peritta
中文字幕: 簡靠靠