Your Highness!The royal siblings plan to escape again! Stop them!  Yes, Your Highness!We'll sneak out separately...to avoid suspicion.We'll then meet up in Meilong town.Are we going to get away in broad daylight?Sure!Your Majesty! If you leave us,the palace will be left without a leader.Of course not.The Queen Mother is very clever,
she takes care of everything all the time.Let her make all the decisions.Now off with you!For me, these useless people are just like bucketfuls of rice.For me, The Emperor is like a rice dumpling.You fools!Leave me alone!You idiots!How could you have let the Princess escape?It's all our fault!You useless trash!You stopped the Emperor, but lost sight of the Princess.The Emperor could be allowed to fool around outside.But the Princess... What if something happens to her?What would happen to the reputation of the Ming Dynasty?How did she manage to get away?Our department should not be responsible.According to unofficial historical records,the Princess used secret martial techniques,Vaulting right out of the Palace.But according to the secret papers,File number 2046...Let me see...Princess Wushuang used a special skill...That won her fame later.Her secret weapon was her head!Hearsays aside.According to witnesses...On that fateful day, the Princess sauntered leisurely...Out of the Palace.End of our special report.Fools!Sauntered and left!So people can saunter and enter the palace?Find her!Yes!You cannot even take a brave step...How can you be an emperor?Since the late emperor's death,The peach blossom has not flowered.His soul must be worried about his children's future.Oops!Robber! Stand still!You just wait,I'll catch you!They call me Bully the Kid.Anyone can be a bully...If he has nothing else to do.Two years ago, I decided to be a drifter.To put it nicely, I travelled the world.To put it bluntly, I became a tramp.Today an acquaintance invited me...To join a fight.I agreed immediately.Because I am too bored.Hey! I see you have a new image today.I am too goodlooking.I hope this adds a little malice...Then the enemy will immediately know I am invincible!A lump on the forehead does that?No! The lump is the result of my spicy hotpot diet.Brothers, in order to protect our territory.We must win in this battle!Go!Charge!"Brothers, charge!"Officer, we're in a hurry!Silence!How dare you clowns to fight in public area.Officer, we are friends."We were not fighting.Don't you know the law states that...Any gathering over 3 persons is illegal.Possession of any weapon over 1 kg is an offense.Officer, this knife is for pedicure, it weighs 0.8 kg.0.8 kg?Let's see.0.8 kg, huh?You're shorter than 1.8 m, how can you weight over 300 kg?Search him!Why are you carrying a pipa?My life could be dangerous sometimes,With a pipa at hand I can sing...To relax myself.Bullshit!I shall charge you speeding too.Speeding? When?Here!As our hightech speed detector indicates...Your facial expression...Has exceeded 120 kph.The machine works that fast?You dare to underestimate the machine?Give it to me!The wonder of this hightech machine...Is that it conceals a highspeed technician.Now you know!The better is yet to come.This one shows you picking your nose while riding.This one shows while your waiting for the enemy...You scratched your ass.Your bathing.But this is a woman.Oops.My mistake.It's a souvenir from Miss Spring of the Spring Flower Brothel.Anyway, you're done for. Li Yilong!Hey, you recognize me in this makeup?Of course I can!You are the son of the Golden Chef of Meilong.How on earth could you know that?Why couldn't I?Freeze!As a toddler, you broke people's windows and...You got worse as you got older, beating up villagers.You're despicable!Who on earth are you?Who taught you your "Face Off"?Principal Chan?You can't recognize me without a moustache?All my efforts on you are all wasted.Do you repent?Yes.And so?Punishment of 50 canes.50 canes would have been the standard.But another 30 for your lousy makeup!Then I remembered what Chan once said:For a prodigal son is always...Like an autumn leaf...Its root is its final home.Are the leaves falling at home now?Are the folks thinking of me?The canes hurt. Although Chan struck hard,I knew he was heartbroken.He said he'd never see me again.I know he wants to put me on my way.I will never forget you! Principal Chan![Dragphoenix Restaurant]What's wrong, Phoenix?The smell of blood.I can feel an intense force coming.Bully the Kid is back!Don't you think...My brother said...He was beaten severely by a bitch here last year.I had thought she was something. Now I can see it was a fluke.And who can this be?I am the "Matchless Thousand Hand"...Zuo LengchanI am here to avenge my blood brother.Thousand Hand the Matchless! Let me!  Matchless?According to the memoirs of Zuo Lengchan...It happened like this.They hit me like...Sorry!They hit me like...Actually, it was not what really happened.They were ultimate Street Fighters,Using the cruelest tricks on me!I was injured by a folder chair.The wound still bleeds sometimes.Stop... Stop!You win, fair and square! I quit!Good?How could noodles made with love not be tasty?No!Incomparable with mother's noodles.Two years, and you haven't improved one bit.Learn from me!Look.Mother left this braceletFor your future bride.Have you forgotten?You're lecturing me? How about yours?You fared better?You think I don't want to?The whole village knows I'm your sister.Who dares to take me?Please don't blame me!You act too much like a man for a man to like you!Me as a man?Says how?Excuse me, sir...Pray tell, is there an inn nearby?You go to hell!Excuse me.Never say it is I who scare other villagers away from you.To prove this,I shall now go visit them.Good brother.An invitation to your wedding banquet?On behalf of the village I offer you this letter.The letter states clearly.We want you to stay away from us.From now on, we want nothing more to do with you.Are you nuts?Could you be a bit more considerate?If the letter already states everything,Why do you bother to read it loud again?Go to hell!Good brother!Black Pig!Now I do have friends here.Long time no see. And who's this?Yes, some weird friends you have.And with those names like animals.Good brother!Now he's got a real name.Quick, tell Phoenix your name!Amour Amour!Not your nickname, the real one.RoManTique!Now I understand why my sister dresses like a man.When a woman desperately longs for a man...For a long time...She would dress up as him before he appears.I can read her mind...Because a strong vibe connects us since childhood.I can tell what she's thinking now.Great! You can read my mind too!Really? Yes?Clean your face, quick!I'll get you a mate!I, Bully the Kid, have asked all of you to come, because...I know you don't think too much of me,Nor do I.But you shouldn't have a prejudice against my sister because of me.I am asking you...To come to help my sister find a man who truly loves her.If a man can survive...The Sacred Fire of Meilong,Whether he is king or pauper,If he put his hand in and remains unscathed,Then he is a true hero with a true heart.He shall marry my sister.As for me...I shall leave MeilongAnd never return!Anyone want to give it a try?All of us!So many volunteers?None of you truly loves my sister.You want to get rid of me!This serves you right!Fine! If my sister cannot find a husband,I shall not leave Meilong.So moving!Good brother reminds meOf a line by the Monkey King from "The Chinese Odyssey"..."Once, there was a bowl of hot roast pig's knuckles noodles in front of me,""But I didn't value,""And didn't eat them until they were cold, it was too late.""Nothing on earth hurts more than this!"What's those words to do with good brother?Nothing!But I was moved nonetheless!Good folks,For your kind support of our restaurant for so many years...We are offering 20% discount today...And specialties such as our special bunsAnd super fried sausage set meals.And surprise gifts for the first three customers.An offer not to be missed!You horrible creatures!I am thanking my customers, not asking for your donations!Good brother, I've eaten already.Not even for your next meal, and the one after that?Come!Sis, someone has gone down!Playing dead now?Phoenix. Good brother is doing this all for you.No one comes here, what else can he do?He is worse than a pesticide, standing there like that.Not even a fly will get in.Just watch me!Bully the Kid is here!Good brother, spare me!What? I am bringing you business.Yes, but all my customers have brought you business.Business is like that, come and go.With you sitting here, it can just be "go".Both sides are blocked...And one blockhead in front!Why is my heart beating so fast?Could it be sis?So she is attracted to this gentleman,No wonder my heartbeats went wild.Be it so! Let me match them together.Waiter, be quick!Brother, good move!Sit down and have a drink!At a distance of 7.08 meters...Within the time of 0.25 incense stick, I made a decision.The gentleman was athletic, and looked handsome...I decided to introduce him to my sister.At a distance of 3.08 meters...Within the time of 0.25 incense stick...I made a lifechanging decision.I was broke,And he offered to treat.I decided to eat all I could eat.I had no idea what......the distance was...I didn't need an incense stick...I must find a way to get rid of them.This gentleman stands out from the rest.My brother has never treated anyone so well.Starting from that day...They have been drinking and talking, day in day out.Looks like my brother is attracted to him, and I too.Hungry, huh? Try the chicken.Meilong is famous for its chickenBring me my wine!"A drink with a good brother,""A friend in good weather.""In this time at this place we meet,""A toast we need.""I cherish our meeting,""A warm and wonderful blessing.""Between us there's a heat,""This night is a feast.""We can be brothers,""Our happiness knows no border.""For us the world exists,""No matter where our paths lead.""I cherish our night,""May tomorrow be another fight.""On this wine we feed""No matter his heart will bleed."What's it got to do with me?"Dragon for phoenix,""It is a complicated matrix.""Now that we are acquainted,""Our future needs repainted.""Good brother behold,""A sun needs a moon to be whole.""Good wine must be cherished,""But time has also vanished."Good brother,The food and living here is great, but...I must be going.Yes.All feasts must come to an end.I can't last much longer anyway.At first, I thought,We were going to buy meals in turns...As it turned out, it was always I who paid.Not that I mind this,I say what I feel.You must be in financial difficulty.Here, take these.According to the Princess Wushuang's memoirs...Amour a la Bully the Kid...That night, in the arms of Bully the Kid...She experienced a moment she could never forget...For the first time in her life, she felt her heartbeat.However, Bully the Kid remembered that night...Rather differently.Take care!However, according to the innkeeper......who offered a different view in his memoirsNever Gave Up My Thirty Years Of Fighting Bully the KidThis is what really happened...There was no way of telling who was holding whom...Emotions were charged.There keep bidding farewell continuouslyThere was so much holding and embracing.There was no ending in sight.Let's bid farewell here.Goodbye!Let's bid farewell here.We have been bidding farewell for one month now.You'll soon be home.Let us part now!Take care!Brother, It is more fun to have three...At a dinner table than the two.Sis, don't be upset.I know you miss him. I have a solution.A solution?I learnt this...In my wild days."Concentration"When you miss something, some person...You concentrate on one pointAnd that person appears.You've been staring at the same spot for a long time. Aren't you tired?Of course! My whole body is numb.I couldn't even close my eyes. Get a doctor!Go! You're early.  Right.Sit. Shall I cook you some noodles?Coming back for a look?Right.Make yourself at home."Now that we are acquainted,""Our future needs repainted.""Good brother behold,""A sun needs a moon to be whole.""Good wine must be cherished,""But time has also vanished.""Brother, look.""Just look.""The sun and moon are together.""Together.""Day changes to night following closely.""Following closely""Radiant as we."" 'Amour Amour'! What sort of name is that?"No more drinks!This kid has the same name as Emperor Zheng De!I bow to Your Majesty!Get up!You little bastard, beware!Little brother, you have reached marriageable age.Why haven't you married yet?Because I haven't found my destined husband.Your husband?You think you're a woman?I am a woman.Wow, that makes my sis a man.Yes, they all call me "good sir".I'll show you, hold on.Do I look like a man?Yes!My turn.Do I look like a woman?Wow!My turn.Let's perform Tiger Crane Fists togetherBrother, you look fabulous as a woman.It's over!I belong to royalty, and now I've shared a bed with him...How could I explain to the Queen Mother?He's just a peasant, but I am a princess.Queen Mother would never consent!A drag!Forgot to change.Brush up.Your brother is a bit crazy.He wasn't like this before.After he was dumped by a rich girl,His changed a lot.Well, the rich girl,Didn't begin as a rich girl.She lived with her grandpa right outside the villageShe broke her leg one year.My brother carried her to the doctor everyday, trekking miles and miles.Cooked for her, took her home, and then...One day her dad got rich,And said she was too good for him.The romance got cut off just like that.My brother was heart broken and left.I know my brother wants to leave this unhappy place,He hopes one day he'll run into her.Just for one look, then he would be satisfied.What are you doing?A back rub after a face wash!You want me to wash your feet?You remind me of my dad.With this foamy moustache.My mother used to rub my dad's back too.Hey, let's go out!The water in this basin...is taken from Tianshan's Destiny Cave.It reflects people's destinies.Does it also reflect ulcers and other ailments?With your moustache,You think I wouldn't be able to recognize you, Amour Amour?Good brother, but this is my parttime.I couldn't survive as a fulltime tramp.But this basin of waterCan really foretell your destiny.Really?Let's check our destiny.Come on.Well, you two have a nice sisterly path. Very well.  What are you saying?Now let us do it.And you two will be husband and wife.Sis!Get off, I will avenge later.Sis!You funny man!How could two men be married?Just now when you two were there...Do you recognize the intense vibration of the water,And the shaking of the shadow,It's the classic "Mirage" syndromeTruthful and yet illusive.You are destined to be together with the
Li Yi long that exists in the water reflection,But not with the present him.Otherwise, you two would not bear fruit.What are you talking about?When you get the Unique...Destiny Ring,The "Mirage" shall materializeinto true love.Remember, your destiny...Flourishes under a peach blossom tree.Remember. Peach blossom!Don't joke with me!I wouldn't dare, Princess.Emperor Zheng De must now call it a day.You nearly fooled me.Princess?How does he know I am a woman?Crazy guy.Good man...I am being followed, please help me.No problem, Princess!Who are you?Your royal servant Fay...Former head of the Palace troops,Under the command of the Queen Mother,We need to operate in disguise to find Princess.The Queen Mother has ordered...To keep this operation confidential, so...Stop!Stop following me!Don't follow!Your dare to bump into the son of the Magistrate.What are you looking at?I am talking to you!Shall I lock you up?Don't expose ourselves.We could be locked up too, so as to protect her.Brother, they've taken him.Are they going to beat him up?No.A group of strangers seems to be helping him.I smell something fishy.Right.Follow me.We are all imperial guards.We come here to protect you.Shut up!Who bit my ear?Nobody confess?You will see when my dad come.Dad!You ruthless gangsters!How dare you to beat me up?Why couldn't we?And we are certainly experts in this.Who's backing you?The Chu's.Fatty Chu from Shandong?More!I said something wrong?The Magistrate has decidedThat this can not be categorized as a criminal case.But simply a civil one.We do not take on civil cases.Dismiss all of them!Who the hell are you to have the authority to command?This gentleman seems to have some opinion...Care to come inside for a chat?Why should I be afraid?Jack! Joe! John! Jim! Jay! Josh!Follow me, all of you!What's going on?Let's go!Shut up! Don't follow me!Your...Shut up!Your...Shut up!Do not arouse any public attention.The guards will secretly accompany the Princess to leave.We'll meet up 3 km away.Yes.Who on earth are you?I got to go.Go?What about my sis? Discarding her after the intimacy?I am afraid it is I who is being discarded.Yilong, listen.Remember what I tell you today.Speak up.We had some sort of intimacy on the night when we got drunk.That is an undeniable fact.And a man must bear this responsibility.Of course.A husband must do as told by his wife...Must take care of her, treat her well,Heed her wishes.Isn't that the wife's job?Shut up and listen to him!A wife needs to be loved.She might be a bit spoilt.A bit naughty at times, and you must see to her needs.I am not like that!Shut up and let me finish!If you can do that,You can be a good husband. Do you get it?Why tell me this? You should tell yourself!I will come back for you.Why me? You should come back for her!Are you alright?Excuse me, are you hugging the wrong person?You must move on.But he ignored me.I am not talking to you.I really must go.You must come back.You cook so well. I will definitely come back.Are you alright?I thought when he held me,I would get all excited.But it turned out I didn't feel a thing.Why?Why is he protected by the royal court?Who could he be?I'm sure he has left his bag somewhere.You dare to pee here!But Big Dog is in the toilet.Good brother... Let me get it!What's going on?Good brother...Quiet! Time for "show and tell".He is the Emperor?I had fooled around with the Emperor?Phoenix's boyfriend is the Emperor!Phoenix's boyfriend is the Emperor!Phoenix is going to be the princess.Amour Amour, where are you going?I need to run some errands. Be back soon.Go away! Go!I hate greedy people!You have never treated my sister well before.Now it is too late.Our restaurant will serve none of you!Good brother, there are a lot of rumors out thereIt says the Emperor was just fooling around with your sister.No, he won't.I have spent time with that man.I really know him.And I will protect my sis from being fooled with.I will go find the Emperor tomorrow.Our fault!Such nonsense!How could a gust of wind blow the Princess away?If you fail to bring the Princess back,All heads would roll.Be at peace the Queen Mother!I just wish to volunteer...To lead the imperial Troop.To find the Princess back.I want a chance to prove myselfAnd to show the Queen Mother my repentance.Wish granted.Thank you, Queen Mother.An emperor must have some acting skills.Finally, I have the chance to get some fresh air.Brother!Brother!Phoenix!Have you seen my brother? I've looked for him the whole day.I just saw him on the bridge.He was on his way to find the Emperor.My brother left to search for him?It's you again?Damn! Who do you think you are?Why come to bother us again?Since last time...I have been practicing a lot.Now I am excellent in using the Matchless Blades.I'm back to defeat you guys!Your technique, could it be the longlost...?Good guess. The longlost "Romancing Eyes".This style emphasizes what's soft within hard,Even in killing there is tenderness.The eyes will beguile the enemy,Breaking down all defense!This is uncanny.I have to upgrade to another level!Good! I'll upgrade too!"Hey, give me an eye!" Me?  Quick!Wow, such a wild blossoming woman!It's the most I can do.How about this?Don't make me, don't, enough!Not enough?How about this?Let us help!Done!I broke my bracelet.Careful, the blade is poisoned!We need to suck the blood out!It is the first time I feel the blood of love rushing to my heart.On the brink of life and death,I start to fantasize![Travel Around the World.]I can tell she is fantasizing.I must outdo her!What is Mr. Ko doing?Fantasizing, probably.I learned from Mr. Ko todayThat he was originally an actor.Like my brother, he is a wanderer.He came back tonightAnd said in case Zuo Lengchan returns, he can protect me.I couldn't refuse him.He has a grandeur that no one can resist.Can't sleep?I'm fine.Stop fantasizing and sleep.I am a respectable gentleman.What now?My shoulders are cold.Shall I warm them for you?OK.Are you cold?A little.You... need my hand?Can do.Warmer now?Warmer. My feet are getting cold though.Let's put our feet together.We can hold each other tight.Now, sleep.And don't fantasize.Isn't it getting too warm?We are having lots hands and legs here!Bugger off!No, not you, Phoenix!Phoenix! Phoenix! Sir!  Hands off!What are you guys doing?Protecting you!Your Majesty, your told the Queen Mother...The trip is meant to find the Princess.Not for you to womanize.If she hears about this,The Queen Mother would kill us.Good brothers,But I am worse than dead!I am doomed as the Emperor at birth.I am indeed an innocent,lively and creative person.My ideal is to change this world.What does your Majesty mean?What I mean is let us forget the formalities.From now on, we shake hands when we meet.Or a salute will be fine.Or, even like...Now that was warm and close, wasn't it?Your Majesty!Good boy!My talent for acting strikes again!With my best ever skill of "Flying on the Grass",I can reach the Palace in three days.Hey, I am here! I am coming!  Don't!Told you not to come near!How come you are here? I... I was here...  For me?What if we both cry for help?No.Men wouldn't easily cry for help.Let me rescue you with "Flying on the Grass".You know, mud doesn't work as well as grass.We'll be fine when it dries up.Don't worry, sunshine always come after the rain.I am thirsty.You are not experienced enough.Now you know why I opened my mouth wide in the rain that time!A bit of stock wouldn't hurt.What's up?Too much stock inside.Eat some leaf if you're hungry.Then why don't you have it. Too dirty?I am not stupid like you.You're still holding that!Turn this way.Quick!Feeling better?Hey, you are crying.Don't waste it, let me get it!A bit salty, but good enough.Don't laugh. Keep crying.I want more.Although I am raised up in the royal family,And used to pampering since birth,Nothing is compared with the care of this man...For me at this moment.Relax! After the storm we'll...Don't say anymore,Or else, we will be struck by the thunder.It was she who said thunder strike.Why take it out on me?Granny, you have been staring at us for hours.When are you going to rescue us?I am deliberating...If I can help.Go get some help please! Quick!OK!Half a day passed after she uttered the word "OK",She is still only meters away from us.Goose, goose, if you understand us,Please go get some help.If you save us,I'll issue a ban on all eating of geese.Now this one seems to have supernatural powers.Stupid goose! We need people to help...What do we need ducks for?Don't shit on my head.Go away, go!Help is coming!Hey, we are here!Not that I don't want to be saved,But it has been so nice for us together.Why do we need a third person?We are like a family.And you're my future brotherinlaw.This involves the happiness of my sis.So I need to know, do you have any physical defects?No.No?How come you wouldn't bathe with me?We are both men, what is the problem?I am not used to sharing a bath.I see.But you can do it on your own.I can't squat when taking a bath.How do you know I squatted?You peeped?Why bother to peep?There is no door. How can I bathe?Right, an EmperorCan't squat for a bath.There is nothing we can do, then.Well, I can rub your back. No, don't! No!  Come on.You will find it comfortable.OK, but keep your hand to that part.Both You and your sister like to rub people's backs, why?This is a friendly act.I don't just rub anyone's back.You are luckyTo have found some girl like my sis.Why don't you find one for yourself?I am not fortunate like you are.Such a good girl like my sis...nearly vanishes in the world.Maybe there is still some.It's not right to say that.When you like someone, your heart falls for her completely.People say "one heart one love".No matter who she is,She becomes unique onthe whole earth.So have you found your unique woman?Easier said than done.Once I thought I have found my unique.Turned out it was justmy wishful thinking.I am not fortunate like you.Don't give up.Maybe you'll find her soon.I hope so.You know how I cheer myself up all these years?Whenever I'm weary, I tell myself:I am just a dust in the earthly air.Just take one deep breath.And all troubles will disappearOh, it seems to be very difficult.Not that difficult. You can try.Hold your sorrow in your fist.Then inhale deeply.Let go and unleash all the bad vibes inside.See?No different at all.You're not doing it right.Think of something that makes you sad.Let me try again.It works!Really?Yes, it works.My hunger was making me sad.Now I feel full.Maybe I should give it a try.I feel full too.Come and eat.Granny you cook so well!Quick!Eat more.You really have good appetite!I want more.I'll get it for you."Good brother, come and see.""Chopsticks come in pairs.""Shoulder to shoulder,""Head to head: Just like the two of us.""My chopsticks are in trouble.""Little brother, you are wrong.""Toothpicks can't be strong.""Chopsticks are fun,""But our friendship strongly runs.""Our friendship truly runs,""As natural a couple as bottle and cup.""One pours, one drinks, the night sinks.""Such a silly couple.""The bottle fat, the cup small.""Surely they can't be a couple.""See the geese necking,""Sharing the fun we are having.""Necking today, roasted tomorrow,""The taste is very delicious.""Very delicious.""Singing and drinking,""The night is short, but our talk is long.""I am getting more and more worried.""How could I tell him my piece of mind.""Meaningful words are ill received.""Blessed are those who refuse to see.""Forget tomorrow's right and wrong.""We shall drink up whole night long."What's bothering you?Nothing. I ate too much.I was worried you are not used to having peasant food.Actually, it is not the food that counts.It is the company.Yes, peasant food is good for novelty to you.You'd soon forget all about this once you're in the Palace.There is one thing I want to make clear.We haven't known each other for long,But we are real friends.And I treat you as my brother.I want you to tell me:Are you truly in love with my sis?If you are,I want you to go back with me. So she needn't worry.But if you are just fooling around,We must part here.And I don't want to see you again.I have only one sis,I don't want to see her hurt.I like your sister a lot.But it is impossible for us...That's it!Done.It seems our paths are drawn to be crossed here.We part here every time.The peach blossoms here are beautiful.I told him I wanted to take a branch back as a memento.The ones inside the Palace never flower.Take it and see if it grows. It should flower when spring comes.Remember to place it in the sun.Goodbye.You scumbag!I'd marry your sister if you have one!I'd marry you if you were a woman!Great idea! I'd marry you if you were a woman!Good!This is a promise!Let the peach blossoms be the token!Let the peach blossoms be the token!Listen, I am really a woman.We have shared a bed and we have peach blossoms as token.You must marry me.You are a woman?You don't believe me?Still?Any more doubts?You responded just now.Don't tell me you don't have any feeling.A man must keep his words.I am a beast!I betrayed my sis!I stole her love!What's worse is that I do have the feeling.No wonder I felt queer the whole time.You could have told me earlier.Now how am I going to explain this to sis?I'll explain then.That would break her heart.This cannot be undone.As things stand now,Phoenix will understand.That'd be best...I'd never done anything to hurt her.Could Amour Amour be telling the truth?That we are destined to play our roles reversed?Seems like I must do my best to protect him.In the past ten days,The Emperor has been closer and closer to us.Also getting more and more creative.This is delicious.Now what do you think of my design?We are more used to carrying weaponsThan briefcases...It feels awkward.But you are professionals now.With shoes like these?These platform shoesWill become tremendously chic...In the near future.Your majestyDresses a bit like a comic character.Isn't this a bit unkempt?This is another line of my designer series.My costumes are meant to test Phoenix.If she knows I am the Emperor and comes after me,It is nothing special.If I am eating and drinking all the time,And gradually becomes a gentleman of leisure, she still loves me,Then it means she recognizes my talent!Agogo!Coming!Go buy some soy sauce for me please.Yes!What do you think of ournew restaurant uniform? Not bad, huh?[DraPheonix Restaurant: Phoenix Li]Apart from this, we'll have a new menu.So customers can order from here much easier.Dear, you are fabulous!The platform shoes gave me another inspiration.I have come up with the innovative Chicken Bone Shoes.Chicken Bone ShoesCan even support women weighing over 200 kg.How talented you are!Go and get the soy sauce!You just witnessed something. She likes my talent!New image for you guys tonight!Again? No!The Ultimate! Dealer takes all!The Ultimate? In front of me?I'll show you something!"I Win!""I Loose!"Yeah!"I Cheat!"Phoenix!I thought you were an acting talent waiting to be discovered,I didn't know you were a cheap gambler.Actually...Gambling is bad enough.And you take away these poor folks' money?OK! I'll return the money!Phoenix!Money returned with interest!Actually I wanted to make some money to repair your bracelet.Whose bracelet is this?Wrong one! I'll exchange.I didn't mean it.License number?No license.Running around without a license?Name. Address. Safe Deposit Box combination.It's Bully the Kid's sister!Your bracelet is here.I put in a bit of my touch.My art strikes again,But this timeIt is genuine.We must save Phoenix from her mistake!Phoenix, where are you?Here. Phoenix.  What's wrong?I want to talk to you, on behalf of your brother.As you are so and so inclined towards the Emperor...If you make any mistake with Mr. Ko, it'd be so and so...Big brother would become so and so...A woman can't so and so with two men...I so and so have finished.You lousy chap!Don't ever think you can do whatever you want while Big brother isn't here?Tell you what, Phoenix will be a Princess.Princess?Right.And we would all go to the imperial City and get rich.Hold your horses!Good friend,Care to step outside and have a word?Let me get my two friends first.Your friends are already having a word outside.You lousy chap, you just wait.Where?Here!Help!I really don't know them.You got the wrong person.Hit him!She wants to be a princess?[Sacred Pavilion]You said you were not going to lie to me again?I didn't lie.Then put your hand in the fire.If your heart is pure,You wouldn't be hurt.Do you dare?Yes!Do it then.Don't cry! Don't!Sacred Fire of Meilong...Please tell me if I really love Mr. Ko?Need some ointment?Does it hurt?So, what did the fire tell you?I am confused.When I was thinking of you, this hand hurt.My other hand hurt when I was thinking of the Emperor.Of course.How can you feel your heart when you are confused?If your feeling is strong and truthful,Then you don't need this test.If you need to test yourself,It means your love is not absolute.What should I do?Be prepared to give all your heart.Remember what I had told you before?You and me, each other in our hearts:The universe is no larger than a speck of dust.Between us,We have no space for anything else.My dear,I shall lead you to our world of love.You don't want to be the princess anymore?No.I will go for a man who like my brother is a wanderer.I don't want to be locked up in a palace.Talk about locked up like a bird in a cage.Being the Emperor, I also want to look forsomeone who can wander around with me.No more acting!I must tell brother about this.What is this?No idea. I found it on the ground.Want to try?Really,do you have a sibling like you?I thought I am unique?I mean, somehow alike.My elder brother, he'll be good for your sis.How come?He likes to rub backs.The Emperor is into that?Unbelievable, ha?Wait till you meet him.Let's eat.An earthquake?The smell of blood!A horrible force is closing in on us.What else are you thinking?Your sis will understand.What?Damn. I can feel something horrible is coming.Brother!Brother, do you think they'll be alright in there?Of course.They are siblings after all, like us.They'd be fine.You sure?Sure.You, leader of a country, did not keep a promise.Disobeyed your mother...Solicited your royal sister to go astray...Neglected your duties and went to Jiangnan.Being so disloyal and unfaithful,How could you face your royal ancestors...And your country...And you dare to wishTo marry this common woman!Queen Mother, she...Shut up!Dare you?I shall marry her!So he is the Emperor?Do you think I can get marry with him?Definitely! You remember what dad told us?Your fate is to marry someone rich...Or some sort of nobleman.Brother, I don't really want to be a princess.I just want to be with him.Now you two follow me.Tonight I witnessed a true loveThat empowered my son.He has grown up.I grant your marriage.I told you!Sweetie, come down!As for you,Your record shows a despicable character.Your Highness! Please don't believe hearsay!You were lazy at school,Joined the street gang at 14...And became the bully of the village.Two years ago, you left MeilongTo wander the world. But you did nothing.You have bad temper and behave badly.You are careless and uneducated.So you must be a goodfornothing.So...I cannot grant you the Princess's hand.Queen Mother, he might be badBut people can change for the better.We cannot foretell the future,I shall leave this to destiny.Here, these are the Unique Destiny Rings leftBy the late Emperor.They really exist!The late emperor left them for me,To help you select your husband.If he is your destiny,The ring will fit perfectly and will not fall out,It is a symbol you will never part.Will you take the test?I will!Good!If the ring falls out,You promise never to see him again!Wear it.We will never part again.See. He is not your destiny!This worthless man doesn't deserve you.You're worthless.You don't deserve her!Brother!I can no longer live with you any moreYou'll have to take care of yourself from now on.As I must take my leave and continue my wandering life.I am happy for you, I know you are.Believe me, I am fine.Don't go!Stop the Princess!Don't go!Brother!Why do you do this to him?Last time it was the two of us,Now that you have joined...The three of us would be invincible.We'll meet up in Meilong.Why Meilong?So that you can get to know her...And she'd be waiting there for you to get to know her.Let's pack and go.Wouldn't you let me go?New tactics this time. Just women this time.We leave together!Why should I leave with you?You told the princess you missed me.I am here to save you.But who are you?I am your brother!Sis, are you alright?Get the medicine!Are you people addicted to catching me or what?Great, this time I leave with you.Are you nuts, wanting me run away with you?As the gossip went, when winter arrived...Princess Wushuang became totally lost in herself.She had cut herself off.She kept telling people someone was on his way for her.Medication did not help.Some said the country's burden...Has gotten her.Others said she was stricken downBy love.Your Majesty,Our prince would like to propose marriage.Queen Mother,My brother and the Princess are truly in love.The ring was merely your excuse, wasn't it?Queen Mother, why separate them?Enough!I would rather have a crazy Princess married away,Than have a silly one by my side.I am so glad we're drinking again!Now you're wrong to say that.Don't say something elseAs we are on this topic...Actually, it was your fault.Leaving without a word.Not that I miss you.But a company is good.It was just too much, leaving like that.Hell, you don't mean it!You fell down the toilet?Cheers!I broke up with my husband.Coming back for good?No, I am on my wayTo my aunt's village.Take the money.You'll need it for your trip.Have you met someone?Take the bracelet too, I meant to give it to you.Take it.It was my father said you didn't deserve me.I never said that.Why do you give me this bracelet today,But not in the past?Good brother.Zi Xia!Zi Xia was right.Every time you broke up because you were afraid of being abandoned.You gave up the love with Zi Xia,Just like what you did with the Princess.You busy body, as soon as you return, you keep on nagging...Whatever between me and the Princess, is none of your business.I don't care about your business.But the Princess's business is
my business!At age eight, she saved a Divine Rabbit from death.Under her care, the Divine Rabbit recovered.From then on,The Rabbit saw to the Princess's well being.Righting all wrongs for her.And you tell me to mind my own business?Bullshit!Believe it or not,Just take heed.You want to marry the Princess, who cares about the Queen Mother.Did the Princess ever say that you don't deserve her?I know what you're thinking:Even if the Princess doesn't mind,The ring didn't fit you,so you're not her true love!If you want the ring to fit, remember this:For your one and only love,You must forget yourself.Without worrying about your own being, nothing can stop you.The Princess is getting married in two days.Please give yourself a chance.Good brother. What's the matter?  What's it?While I was away these past two years,Who took this guy named Amour Amour in?Wasn't he one of your friends?He showed up a day before your return and claimed to be your friend.Who on earth is he?Who on earth is Amour Amour?Some say he is a tramp.Others say he is a magician.Another saying goes...Amour Amour is the goddess who match lovers together.So far, I have taken careOf all my weariness in a breath.But the breath methodHas failed me this time.No matter how hard I tried.Before, I used to be able to detect my sis' vibes.Now, it is someone else.She is screaming for me inside.I left Meilong.Li Yilong!You dare to offend Princess Wushuang?I don't mean to offend her.I just want to say a few words to her.A couple of nights ago, I met an old friend,And she enlightened me.I shouldn't care other opinions on me,And hurt my beloved.I should learn from your brother,Be brave and face challenges.Today, I want to offer this bracelet to my wife.I hope she would forgive me,And we can be together forever.Li Yilong, the Princess has already gone.The Emperor told me to release her.Just now, I was hesitant to let her go.I was afraid that her Highness would chop my head off.But the Princess cried all the time,Looking more and more like you.I couldn't stand it any longer and let her go.From now on, you take good care of her.Often, if one loves too deeply,It is intoxicating.If one hates too deeply, the heart is easily broken.The most painful experience in life, however, is waiting.I didn't know how long she waited.I thought all along I would never see her again.Suddenly, I didn't know how to speak.I couldn't figure out how to say...To tell her I really love her.Can't you see I am chatting with her?Get off!Relax. Remember,You're just a speck of dust.A deep breath...Will take all your unhappiness away.I would never give up.Because deep in my heart,You will forever be the only one.I never thought,When I saw her again,She'd have become another person.She just kept repeating my words...She thought she was me.It's true that if one loves too deeply,It is intoxicating.As it happened, I too became another person.A woman.Do you rememberYou gave me a plum blossom branch here?You said when spring comesThe blossom branch should face the sun?Yes. I also saidIf you were a woman,I'd marry you.To tell you the truth,I am a woman!We shared a bed and we have a token...You must take me as your wife!Indeed I promised...But I don't deserve you.Because...The Unique Destiny Rings fell off my finger.Silly!For the ring to fit, you must forget yourself.Just think of meAs your sole destiny.Try it!Wear it and we'll never be apart!You see? I said it would work!So many earthly worries are easily solved.When you are willing to see certain things differently,You get another perspective.I eventually understood, what "Mirage" meant.When it comes to true love,Two people blend into each other.Who cares who's the manAnd who's the woman?As long as we are happy together, that's fine.Today she is Bully the Kid,Maybe it will be my turn tomorrow.The peach blossoms are blooming! They're blooming!The Princess was right. The time has come for the flowers to bloom.I guess she must have found her true love!Laugh all you can, don't play dumb.Come, my love!Isn't this wonderful?The End字幕製作：@你的傲慢我的偏見稟告太后!皇上和長公主又要密謀逃走了! 截住他們!   遵旨!待會咱們就分頭溜出宮去免得兩個人走太招搖然後咱們在江南的梅龍鎮會合光天化日我們這樣走  行不行?沒問題!皇上  你就這樣走的話宮中豈不是群龍無首嗎?怎麼會?母后這麼精明  什麼事一天到晚都要管就讓她拿主意好了別在這礙手礙腳!這班人在我眼中  只不過是一群飯桶皇上在我眼中  何嘗不是一個粽子?你們這些奴才  可惡!放我下來!你們都是飯桶!怎麼可以讓長公主跑掉了?奴才該死!你們這些廢物!攔住了皇上  卻讓長公主不見了皇上出宮  最多鬧點荒唐事長公主出宮  一旦出什麼問題我大明皇族顏面何存?到底長公主是怎麼跑掉的?應該跟我們的部門無關吧根據野史記載當日長公主是施展大內神功用獨步靈犀的絕世輕功飛出了皇城但根據東廠的秘密檔案2046調查報告白皮書所說這個嘛...無雙長公主當日是施展了她日後獨步武林  膾炙人口的鐵頭神功撞破城門而去!不過  這些都不是事實根據當日現場目擊者的口供長公主是輕輕鬆鬆  無驚無險的從大明門走著走著就走出去了以上是本台的報導混賬!隨便走走就出了皇宮!那外面的人  不也是隨便走走就進了宮?立刻追她回來!遵旨!你連多走一步的勇氣都沒有怎麼能夠成為一國之君呢?這棵桃花  自從先帝去世之後這麼多年來一直都沒有開花肯定他在天之靈  擔心著這對兒女的將來對不起!搶我東西! 給我站住!好樣兒的  等我喘過氣來我一定追到你!我很多年前的外號叫小霸王任何人都可以很霸道只要他夠無聊兩年前  我決定浪跡天涯說好聽的就是飄泊江湖難聽的就是無業遊民今天我碰到一個很無聊的朋友他準備跟馬賊打架我立刻答應了他們因為我比他更無聊龍哥  今天怎麼這個造型?我長得太好看了我希望在殺氣方面能夠加強點當那些敵人一看到我就知道我身經百戰!加了大瘡就能增加你的殺氣嗎?不是  這大瘡是我吃麻辣火鍋吃出來的弟兄們  為了保住我們的地盤這一仗  我們一定要贏!殺!給我沖!兄弟們  衝呀!我們趕時間呀  大人你們不要吵!你們這幫小嘍囉在公共場所持械私鬥官差大人  我們都是認識的不是私鬥  不是打架你知不知道大明法例?三個人以上就是非法集會!帶一公斤以上的兵器就是非法藏械!大人  我這把刀用來刮腳皮  才十兩重十兩?上磅!十兩?你不到一米八  會有三百斤重?搜他!你幹嘛帶把琵琶?江湖生活  刀光劍影有把琵琶  時不時拿出來唱唱歌舒緩一下情緒你講這麼多話幹嘛?我現在多告你一條超速罪!我幾時超速呀?看!在我們的高速掃瞄儀器偵測下當時你的表情標準已經超出了時速一百二十公里你能不能畫這麼快呀?你敢低估這部儀器?拿來!這架高速掃瞄儀器精密之處就在於裏面有個高速掃瞄人員該死了吧?厲害吧  還有更精彩的這張是你騎馬途中挖鼻屎的樣子而這張是你百般無聊等待對方出現挖屁股的樣子這張是你洗澡的樣子這張是女人!是嗎?對不起這張是青花閣小菁送給我的總之你死定了  李一龍!我的妝化成這樣你也認得我?你化成灰我都認得出你!你就是梅龍鎮大廚金菜刀的兒子!你怎麼知道我這麼多?我怎會不知道?別動!你小時候就流著鼻涕去打穿人家窗戶長大了就聯群結黨去凌辱村民簡直是神憎鬼厭!你到底是誰?你的易容術是誰教你的?陳校長?剛才沒了鬍子你就不認識我枉我一番心血教導你知不知錯?知道知道又怎麼樣?打五十下手板本來就是打五十大板但是你妝化得亂七八糟  多打三十!在這個時候  我想起陳校長說過在外面遊歷的浪子就好像秋天的落葉一樣當秋風過後 他們就會落地歸根不知道家鄉的那棵樹的葉子落了沒有?也不知道家鄉的人有沒有想著我?他雖然很用力的打我但我知道他的心很痛他說他不想見到我其實是給我一條路走我很感激你  陳校長!鳳姐  怎麼了?殺氣我感覺到有一股殺氣小霸王回來了!別以為...去年義弟對我說被龍鳳店那個臭婆娘教訓了一頓我還以為多厲害  原來是這等貨色你哪位?我是江湖號稱千手如來鐵掌無敵左冷禪我今天來是為我義弟報仇的鐵掌無敵! 讓我來!  無敵?根據左冷禪的《江湖血淚史》描述當時的情形其實是這樣的我栽在小霸王兄妹手上我除了敗在... 不  Sorry我栽在小霸王兄妹手上其實不是這個版本他們用亂棍打我用街頭霸王四十二式最殘酷那招!我就栽在一張折椅上現在還經常會出血不打啦! 不打啦!我怕了你們倆! 不打啦!好吃嗎?一碗用愛心做出來的面能不好吃嗎?不行!比老媽的手藝差得遠了我走了兩年  你一點長進也沒有?學學我嘛!你看媽死之前  給你這條手鏈是希望你遇到一個人娶了她  把它送掉都忘了吧?說我? 你那條呢?說你這人沒長進你以為我不想?整個村的人誰不知道你是我哥?還有誰敢追我?你可別賴我!不看你自己像個男人婆似的誰敢追!你看我  從頭到腳哪個地方像男人?先生請問你  這附近有客棧嗎?趁早死吧你!對不起所以說  你就別賴你哥嚇走那些鄉民為了證實與我無關我現在就去看望他們龍哥請我喝喜酒?我代表鄉民把這絕交信交給你信裏寫得清清楚楚希望你以後千萬別找我們從此以後  大家河水不犯井水你有病呀?一點都不顧別人感受?既然信裏寫得清清楚楚用不著你再口述一次吧?去死吧你!龍哥!黑豬!別以為這裏沒有人喜歡我很久沒見了  這位是?也就只有這些畜生願意跟你交朋友連名字都叫豬朋狗友龍哥!他的名字可不叫畜生快告訴鳳姐  你的名字叫什麼?情比金堅!不是外號  真名呀!羅曼蒂克!看到妹妹一身男人打扮  我完全可以理解當一個女人極度渴望她的意中人出現但是又沒出現她的潛意識就會令她裝扮心目中那個人我感應到她是因為我們從小就有心靈感應我知道她現在想什麼真棒! 感應到哥哥了?真的感應到?有眼屎也不擦掉好  替你找個老公!我小霸王李一龍叫大家來是為了一件事我知道你們不愛搭理我老實說  我也不愛搭理你們但你們不可以因為我而對我妹妹有偏見今天跟大家說就是要幫我妹妹找一個真心愛她的男人如果他經得起我們梅龍鎮那個萬試萬靈的真心爐考驗無論是乞丐還是皇帝伸手進去又燒不到的話證明他是真心不怕紅爐火我就會把我妹妹嫁給他而我阿龍...就會離開梅龍鎮這輩子都不回來!誰敢來試?我! 我! 我! 我!這麼踴躍?沒一個是真心真意喜歡我妹妹的你們全都想我走!活該全變成燒豬手!好! 不幫我妹妹找到好男人我是不會離開梅龍鎮太感動了!龍哥這番話令我想起《大話西遊》裏面孫悟空他說過曾經有一碗熱辣辣的燒豬手面擺在面前但我沒有珍惜到面涼了之後才後悔莫及塵世間最痛苦的事莫過於此你說這話跟龍哥說的話有關係嗎?一點都沒關係可我感動嘛各位鄉親父老為了答謝大家多年來對龍鳳店的厚愛龍鳳店今天實行八折酬賓而且推出龍鳳鴛鴦包與及超級無敵炸臘腸套餐頭三位客人還加送神秘禮物千萬別錯過!你這混蛋!我酬賓  又不是要你捐款!龍哥  我已經吃過午飯了宵夜和晚飯不用吃?來! 來!妹妹  有人心臟病呀!你混蛋裝死?鳳姐  龍哥這樣做還不是為了多幫你一些一個客人都沒有  要他幫什麼?他像支殺蟲水一樣堵在門口連蒼蠅都不飛進來了好! 走著瞧!小霸王來了! 快走!龍哥  你不是故意捉弄我吧?故意作弄? 我來關照你!但是我的客人全都跑去關照你的店了這批不走怎會有第二批呢?你老坐在這兒  哪還有人敢來?向右不行  向左也不行前面還有個擋道的奇怪  我的心怎會跳得這麼厲害?難道是妹妹?原來真是她看到那位公子心跳得碰碰響好! 讓哥哥幫你安排這段姻緣掌櫃的  快點!老兄  好身手!坐下喝杯酒!當時我們的距離是七公尺零八公分在不夠四分之一柱香的時間  我做了一個決定我看他人品不錯  身手也挺好所以我決定把他介紹給我妹妹當時我距離這個人是三公尺零八公分但在不到四分之一柱香的時間裏我做了一個影響終生的決定既然我身上的銀兩沒了這個傻冒兒又說要請客所以  我決定吃死他當時我的心情亂到不知道那個距離有幾公分連香都不用點  我就做出了一個決定我一找到機會  就放瀉藥拉死他們!這位相公非常特別我從來沒見過我哥這麼熱情招待一位客人從那天開始他們每天在小泉居喝酒聊天看來他不只吸引了我哥  還吸引了我你肚子很餓? 吃塊雞我們梅龍鎮的雞非常好吃我的酒呢?與龍哥共舉杯萍水相逢作朋友世間相聚不容易請你再飲這杯酒好賢弟  慶相逢一見如故說風流投緣就是好兄弟今夜與你喝個夠與龍哥稱兄弟千杯不醉樂悠悠樓台近水月當空酒逢冤家又何求好賢弟  喝一杯人生夢醒再回首百年好酒千杯少那怕老闆要我走關我什麼事?金鑲玉  鳳求凰人間最難配成雙天下知己當你我只恨時光太匆忙說不完  喝不夠最難得是好朋友酒逢知己千杯少只恨時光太匆忙龍兄這兒雖然又吃又住招呼周到  不過...我想我還是該走了不錯天下沒有不散的筵席再這麼下去  我也不知能頂多久開始我以為我請你一頓你怎麼也得回請我一頓結果頓頓都是我請不過我不是一個小器的人我只不過是一個有什麼就說什麼的人我知道你一定有困難這兒有些銀子  你拿去吧根據無雙長公主日後出版的回憶錄《我和小霸王的一段情》裏記載當晚  當小霸王抱著她的時候她經歷了人生中一個極度難忘的時刻她第一次有心跳的感覺但是  在小霸王的回憶錄中對那晚的描述又是另一個版本多多保重!不過  根據小泉居老闆的回憶錄《誓不低頭》[我與小霸王對抗三十年]裏面描述其實情形是這樣的當晚很混亂  也不知道誰抱著誰場面極度感人送完又送  抱完又抱又抱又送  依依不捨反正就是沒完沒了送君千里終須一別我還是不送了送君千里終須一別不知不覺都送了你一個月再送就送到你家了這次真的不送了保重!哥  其實兩個人吃飯還是沒有三個人吃飯開心妹妹  你別發愁我知道你想著王相公  我有辦法什麼辦法?這玩意是我這幾年闖蕩江湖時學回來的叫做念力如果你想那個人出現只要你集中精神看同一點看著看著它就會出現了哥  看這麼久你累不累呀?當然累  我現在全身肌肉都僵了連眼皮都合不上  快幫我找大夫快! 這麼早?  對呀先坐  煮碗麵給你吃又回來看看?對那你隨便天下知己當你我只恨時光太匆忙說不完  喝不夠最難得是好朋友酒逢知己千杯少只恨時光太匆忙阿龍哥  舉目瞧舉目瞧那太陽月亮又一雙又一雙日夜更替緊相隨緊相隨相輝相映如我倆情比金堅  什麼名?不喝了!這死鬼的真名叫正德王參見聖上!平身!小王八蛋  我拿刀砍死你!看你樣子  該到婚娶的時候了為何尚未成親?我沒找到如意郎君如意郎君?你當自己是女人?我就是女人!那我妹妹豈不是男人?是呀  每個人看到我都叫我先生我扮給你們看  等一下像不像個男人?像!看我的我像不像個女人?好像!輪到我!我們耍一套虎鶴相形拳給王相公看!哥  你這個女裝真是太美了完了!我這樣一個金枝玉葉  跟他有了肌膚之親他日怎麼向母后交代?他是一介莽夫  而我堂堂一個長公主母后怎麼會答應呢?人妖!忘了換衣服先刷牙吧你哥神裏神經的他以前也不是這個樣子自從他被那個富家小姐拋棄之後才性情大變的其實那個富家小姐小時候家裏也是沒錢的她跟她的阿爺住在村尾有一年  她摔斷了腿我哥每天背著她走二十多里地去看大夫還幫她做好晚飯  送她回家後來她爹在京城裏發了財便覺得我哥配不上她讓他們斷絕了來往我哥傷心之下  被迫出外闖蕩世界其實我知道  他是不想留在這個傷心地他總希望有一天可以在外面碰見她那怕是只看她一眼  他就好滿足了你幹嘛?剛剛洗完臉  順便擦擦背要不要洗個腳?你這樣好像我爹啊滿嘴冒泡以前  我娘也是這樣幫我爹擦背的喂! 一起出去逛街!這個盆裏的水呢是從天山姻緣洞裏拿來的可以照到塵世間種種奇異的姻緣能不能照出十二指腸和胃潰瘍呀?以為戴個假鬍子我就不認得你是那個什麼情比金堅?龍哥  我只是做兼職也不能天天全職當流氓呀不過這個盆呢個個試過都說靈是嗎?照照我們看照照看是啊  你們的緣份可以做閨中姐妹 好呀! 好呀!  你胡說什麼?那再照照我們倆你們兩個呢  就可以做夫妻了妹妹!滾一邊去! 待會兒跟你算帳!妹妹!真是笑死我了兩個男人怎麼可以結為夫妻呢?不是啊  你們剛才照的時候那水面震的好厲害影子不斷的搖動這個就叫做「鏡花水月」似真非真  似假非假你會跟水影中的阿龍有段姻緣但是你不會和你身邊這個既不高大又不矮小的阿龍有結果你說什麼?當你得到那對天下無雙緣定今生龍鳳配指環的時候你就會得到「鏡花水月」裏面真心愛你的人記住  這種宿世姻緣叫做桃花樹下千里姻緣一線牽記住  桃花樹下你耍我?我不是開玩笑  長公主皇兄正德皇收工啦!嚇死我了長公主?他怎麼知道我是女人?瘋瘋癲癲的老大爺我被人跟蹤  麻煩你幫我擋擋沒問題  長公主你是誰?微臣趙飛退休前御臨軍教頭本次是受太后之托  秘密出來微服追查長公主下落太后密旨不得驚動這裏的地方官  希望不要...不許叫!不許跟著我!別跟著我!知府大老爺的公子你都敢撞?你還左看右看?我在跟你說話呢!是不是想我抓你回去?千萬不要洩露身份他們帶長公主去衙門  我們跟她一起去哥  他們把王相公抓去會不會毒打一頓?不會你剛才不見突然多了一些人幫王相公我覺得有古怪對呀跟我來他們都是大內高手一定會保護長公主的安全!別吵!究竟剛才誰有份咬我的耳朵?沒人敢認是吧?過會我爹出來  你們就知道味道!爹!你們這班江洋大盜  簡直目無王法竟敢毆打本官!有什麼不敢?我們都是江湖上的金牌打手!什麼金牌打手?我家主人  朱字頭!山東響馬豬油渣嘛再打!我說錯了嗎?知府大人說這件事情不屬於刑事毆打只不過是一宗民事訴訟本衙門不接受這個案子馬上把這些人全給我放了!你是誰? 你說放就放?這位公子這麼多話請你出來到後面談一談怕你呀? 進就進!阿成! 阿權! 阿龍! 阿昌! 阿強! 阿達!統統進來!啥事?走吧!住嘴! 別跟著我!參見長公...不准叫!參見長公...不准叫!不要驚動鄉民叫便服侍衛貼身保護長公主離開本鎮我們會在三里外的山坡上接應是你到底什麼人?我要走了走?那我妹怎麼辦? 泡完溜?我才是被人那個那個呢一龍  聽我說你記住今天我跟你說的話說!那天我們大家喝醉了  有了肌膚之親這是鐵一般的事實做男人不可以推卸責任的對呀!做丈夫的要對妻子千依百順呵護備至  溫柔體貼別跟她頂嘴應該是女人對男人才對呀別搶對白! 讓他說完!老婆是用來愛護的她可能嬌生慣養一點有時又很調皮  你就遷就她一下我不是這個樣子的!別吵! 等我把話講完!如果你可以做到這樣就是個好丈夫了  知道嗎?你跟我說這些幹什麼? 你跟你自己說!我會回來接你的你接我幹嘛? 你接她才對!沒事吧?王相公  你擱錯肩膀哭吧?你上京吧他都不理我我不是說你我真的走了你一定要回來你做的菜這麼好吃  我一定會再回來的你怎麼了?我以為  他抱著我的時候...我會很興奮但我為什麼沒有一種心跳的感覺?這是怎麼回事?那麼多朝廷命官護著他他到底是什麼人?我記得他有個包袱在這兒你在這兒小便!龍哥  不是呀  大狗在拉屎!龍哥... 我來拿! 我來拿!幹什麼?龍哥...別吵! 緊張時刻!他是皇上?我跟皇上打過滾?鳳姐男朋友是皇帝!鳳姐男朋友是皇帝...鳳姐要做皇妃啦情比金堅  你到哪去?我有事  一會兒再回來找你走! 全給我走!我最討厭人勢利眼!以前不見你們對我妹妹這麼好?現在才來巴結龍鳳店不做你們生意!龍哥  外面傳得很厲害說皇上都在玩弄你的妹妹皇上不是那種人我跟他生活過一段時間我很瞭解他我不會讓我妹妹淪為玩偶的我明天就上京找皇上奴才該死!分明是一派胡言!大風能把長公主吹走嗎?如果不把長公主找回來你們就人頭不保!母后息怒!孩兒只是想請示母后請母后准許孩兒帶大內密探一起去把皇妹找回來希望有個戴罪立功的機會以表示孩兒對母后的歉意你去吧謝母后!做皇帝也是需要有點演技的這次終於可以出去走走哥!哥!鳳姐看到我哥嗎? 我找一早上都沒找到他我剛剛在橋頭上還看到他他好像去找王相公找王相公?又是你?我靠! 你以為你是誰?又來找龍哥麻煩?自從上次之後我回去苦練我的刀法終於  讓我領悟到無敵鴛鴦刀這次來  是想再領教你們兄妹倆這套劍法  莫非是失傳的...沒錯  這就是眉來眼去劍法!這套劍法精粹就是剛中帶柔廝殺之中閃著無限的溫馨以勾魂攝魄的眼神置對手死於無形之中!實在太邪!我要再加強功力!好! 我也要加強功力!喂! 借我點眼神! 我?  來!好一朵江南小野花!最多就是這樣了這個行不行?不要逼我  不要這樣  夠了還不行?這個行不行?我們給你眼神!行!我的鏈子都斷了小心! 這刀有毒!不把毒血吸出來  麻煩就大了!我第一次感覺到愛情的心跳可是在這生死關頭我竟然開始胡思亂想我知道她在胡思亂想我要比她更胡思亂想!高公子在幹什麼?可能是在胡思亂想吧今天 從這個高公子口中知道他原來是戲班唱戲的就像我哥一樣  四海為家晚上  他又突然回來了說怕左冷禪再出現  要貼身保護我我沒辦法拒絕他因為他有一種令人無法抗拒的威嚴睡不著?不是別胡思亂想了  睡吧我不會做出不君子的越軌行為又怎麼了?胳膊冷那我手搭你身上好不好?隨便你冷嗎?一點點要不要... 把手借給你?也好現在有沒有暖一點?暖一點  不過腳有點冷那搭在一起吧不如我們抱緊一點好了好了  現在可以睡覺了不要胡思亂想啦你覺不覺得有點熱?對呀  怎麼多了這麼多手手腳腳?你們給我出去!不是說你呀  鳳姐!鳳姐! 鳳姐! 公子!  放手!你們在搞什麼東西?貼身保護!皇上  你一直跟太后說出來是來找長公主的可是你一出來就找女人你說你這個事情如果給太后知道了那我們可就慘了各位大哥啊其實我比你們還更慘呀我一出生就沒得挑  就要做皇帝其實我是一個天真活潑充滿創意的年輕人我最大的理想就是改變這個世界!皇上  你什麼意思?其實我的意思就是不拘小節以後君臣之間  大家見面時就握握手要不然就敬個禮再不然...剛剛的感覺是不是很親切?皇上!乖!我那感人的演技  又再一次成功了就憑我生平絕學草上飛輕功三日之內就可到達皇宮我在這兒呢! 我來啦!  別跳過來!叫了你了  還是往裏掉你怎麼會在這兒? 我啊  我是來找...  我呀?要不然咱們大聲喊救命吧得了吧男人大丈夫輕易向人求救的嗎?讓我用草上飛的輕功救你出去吧其實我的輕功在爛泥裏很難發揮的等曬幾天  泥巴干了就好了放心  雨過之後就會天晴渴死啦  我好想喝水所以說你不夠江湖經驗那天下雨  你看我嘴張那麼大就知道了先喝一點存起來怎麼了你?我喝得太多了  尿急肚子餓先吃片葉子那你幹嘛不吃? 嫌髒吧我才沒你那麼笨你還叼著呢喂  把嘴伸過來快點!好點了吧?你哭啦?別浪費  留點給我!咸是咸了點  但可以頂得住你別笑  繼續哭一滴不夠喝的雖然  我是金枝玉葉從小被很多人萬般寵愛原來都比不上這個男人在這一刻對我的關懷放心! 風風雨雨過後就...不要再說啦再說我們就得遭雷劈啦她說打雷的嘛你劈我幹什麼?老婆婆  你已經看了我們兩個時辰了到時候救我們呀我也是在考慮呀有沒有這個能力可以救你們?那還不快點去找人!好!在她說完這個「好」字之後五個時辰她不過走了不到十公尺鵝呀鵝  如果你有靈性就快點找人來救我們如果你救了我們我以後立法  全國禁止吃燒鵝!這一隻就有靈性了你這呆頭鵝! 叫你帶人來你帶群鴨子來幹什麼?別往我頭上拉屎走開!有人來了!老婆婆  我在這兒! 這邊!我不是不想找人救我們但我想兩個人能這樣在一起為什麼還要讓第三個人出現?大家兄弟一場以後還會做親戚的這件事關係到我妹妹的終身幸福你老實跟我說  你身體有沒有缺陷?沒有沒有?那你為什麼不肯跟我一起洗澡?大家都是男人大丈夫  一起洗澡沒問題呀我不習慣跟人一起洗澡你不習慣跟人一塊兒洗那你可以自己洗呀我不習慣像你這樣蹲著洗呀你怎麼知道我是蹲著洗澡?你偷看我?用得著偷看嗎?門都沒有  怎麼洗?那倒是  你身為一國之君怎麼能叫你在街上蹲著洗澡呢?這樣看來是沒辦法了不如這樣吧  我幫你擦背 不能擦! 不行!  不用客氣擦兩下舒服點擦這兒行了  其它地方不能擦為什麼你跟你妹都這麼喜歡幫人擦背?當你是自己人才替你擦要是換了別人  我理都不理你真算運氣好找到一個像我妹這麼好的女孩那你自己為什麼不找一個?我哪有你運氣好? 沒有了像我妹這麼好的女孩子世界沒有第二個了那倒也不一定你這麼說可就不對了你喜歡一個人就應該對她真心真意正所謂情有獨鍾就算她怎麼平凡在你心目中應該是獨一無二天下無雙才對那你找到你的天下無雙沒有?這種事是可遇而不可求的曾己何時  我以為自己找到天下無雙沒想到在她心目中我只不過是一廂相情願我沒有你那麼好運氣我覺得你不用那麼灰心也許很快你就找到那個人希望如此不過這麼多年來  我老這樣替自己打氣碰到什麼挫折  我會跟自己說我不過是俗世裏的一粒微塵天大煩惱  一個深呼吸就什麼都沒了真深啊!不是那麼深的  你試一下抓緊拳頭  緊握你的傷心事然後深呼吸「噓」一聲  所有怨氣就都跑出來了行不行?沒感覺你這樣  當然沒感覺你要想著那些傷心難過的事  那才會有效那我再試試有了! 有了!真的行?對! 絕對有!我痛苦就是沒飯吃肚子餓可是現在我覺得特飽看來我也得試一下我也好飽阿全  過來吃飯啦婆婆  你真是好手藝!快點吃! 快點吃!多吃點你胃口真好啊!對呀  我想再來一碗呢我幫你!阿龍哥  你來瞧小小竹筷是一雙同根生來並肩長好像你我一模樣我的筷子要遭殃好賢弟  莫說笑誰都比那牙籤強筷子不過是酒桌友哪能比做咱哥倆咱哥倆  有比方像杯依酒壺配成雙共斟共飲共今宵分明是一對傻鴛鴦酒壺胖  酒杯小不般不配怎成雙?你看那湖中白鵝戲相隨相伴像我倆今日游來明天烤燒鵝的味道實在香實在香一邊飲  一邊唱天色將明話悠長酒兒越喝心越慌他為何不懂我心中想呀心中想說者有意聽者癡從來笨蛋活得長不想明日是與非今夜與你醉一場  醉一場又怎麼了?沒有  剛才吃的太飽了這裏鄉下地方  還擔心你會吃不慣呢不會  其實吃什麼都無所謂最主要是跟誰在一起吃粗茶淡飯  一餐半餐你當然覺得新鮮將來你回到京城後  很快會不記得了有件事我想跟你說清楚雖然我們是萍水相逢但也算是患難之交我一直當你是好兄弟我希望你坦白跟我說你是不是真心喜歡我妹妹?如果你是真心真意我希望你跟我回去  免得我妹擔心如果你想玩游龍戲鳳那不如我們就此分手以後我也不希望再見到你我可只有這一個妹子我不希望她受到傷害其實我真的挺喜歡你妹妹不過我們真的不可能在...行了沒事了我們好像注定跟這個地方有緣每次分手都會來到這裏我覺得這兒的桃花很美我跟他說  很想帶一枝回去做紀念因為皇宮裏的桃花是永遠都不開的拿回去看看能不能接枝  春暖就會花開記住要朝著陽光告辭了沒義氣!如果你有妹妹  我一定娶她!如果你是一個女的  我也會娶你!有意思! 如果你是女人  我也會娶你!好!那我們一言為定!我們以桃花為盟!好!以桃花為盟!我老實告訴你  我是個女的我們有過肌膚之親  我們有桃花為盟所以你非得娶我不可你是一個女人?你不相信?還不信?信了吧?你剛才可是有反應的別跟我說你感覺不到做男人說過的就要算數我不是人啊!我對不起我妹妹!我橫刀奪愛!最慘的是我會有感應難怪一路都覺得怪怪的你早點說嘛你叫我回去怎麼跟我妹妹解釋?那我去解釋吧她一定會傷心啊反正錯都錯了現在生米煮成熟飯我想鳳姐她會諒解我們的那樣最好...我從來沒想過要傷害她的難道情比金堅說的是真的?我們這段姻緣注定是要顛倒的看來我一定要好好保護他才行在過去的十天裏皇上跟我們的關係是越來越親密他的創意層出不窮這飯一粒一粒真好吃你覺得我設計怎麼樣?皇上  我們都拿慣了刀現在拿這公事包...感覺有點怪怪的叫你們當專業人士嘛那也不必要穿這麼高跟的鞋呀這個鞋叫做步步高陞鞋以後這個設計在官場和商界一定會大受歡迎的皇上你現在穿得倒有點像拖鞋王這成何體統啊?這個是我另外一個精心設計我這身打扮  其實是為了試那個鳳姐如果她知道我是皇上而喜歡我一點也不奇怪我現在在這裏每天白吃白喝與世無爭  她都會愛我那表示她重視我的才華阿高哥!我來了!幫我去打半斤醬油好!你們覺得我這龍鳳店新女領班服裝怎麼樣? 還行吧?除了這之外還有菜單有了這個  客人點菜就方便多了你真的是...他們腳上穿的步步高陞鞋啟發我新的靈感設計一雙深受女性愛戴的雞骨鞋這雙鞋的堅硬程度足足可以承受兩百斤以上的肥婆!真是太有天份了!快去買醬油!你們剛看到了  她留意到我的天份今天晚上我再幫你們改一個造型!不會吧?雙天至尊! 通殺!當今天下  誰敢在我面前號稱是至尊?讓我教訓你們!好啊!鳳姐! 鳳姐!我一直以為你只是在戲班懷才不遇真沒想到你跟這些市井賭徒一樣沉迷賭博其實我...好了吧! 賭已經是不好了你還去贏鄉民們的血汗錢!好! 那我去還給他們!鳳姐! 鳳姐!我還給他們了  還加利息其實我是想贏點錢  幫你修理這條金鏈子誰的這只?拿錯了  我去換!我不是有心的有車牌嗎?沒有沒車牌你開車滿街亂跑?姓名  地址  保險箱密碼小霸王的妹妹搶錢呀!你的金鏈子在這兒不過我自己加了點小小創意終於有人被我感動不過這次我不是演戲我是認真的看來這次我不能再讓鳳姐犯錯誤鳳姐  你在哪呢?在這兒 鳳姐   什麼事?我是代表龍哥來跟你說話的你既然同皇上那樣那樣那如果犯錯誤的話  又那樣那樣龍哥又那樣那樣一個女人怎麼能同時愛兩個男人  那樣那樣我那樣那樣說完了好你個臭小子!你別以為龍哥不在  就有機可乘我可告訴你  鳳姐這次可要做皇妃了皇妃?是呀這次我們兄弟們要做大官  就全靠她了你可別亂來!這位朋友這麼多話請你到外邊好好談一談好! 等我兩個朋友!你那兩個朋友現在正在外面談著呢臭小子  你給我等著!在哪?在這!救命呀!我真的不認識他們你是不是搞錯了?打!原來她是想做皇妃你不是說不騙我嗎  怎麼又要騙我?我又沒騙你那你敢不敢把手放進爐裏?如果你對哥哥真情真意的話你的手就不會燙傷的你敢嗎?我敢!伸呀不要哭  不要哭了真心爐  如果我是真的喜歡高公子請你給我一個指示是不是在找燙傷藥?痛啊?試了那個爐  你有什麼樣啟示?我現在好混亂我想著你的時候  就燒傷我這左手那我想著王相公時  又燒傷了我的右手這是當然的你心七上八下  哪裏來的真心呀?如果你是真心的話根本就不用試那個爐了如果你去試那個爐就代表你根本不夠真心嘛那我應該怎麼辦?全心全意  至真至誠記不記得我跟你說過什麼?我心中有你  你心中有我天地之大小於塵埃我們兩個內心世界裏再也容納不下其他的任何事物了親愛的讓我帶你共創我們愛的世界你不做皇妃了?不要了我要找一個像我哥一樣的男人  四海為家我不要去做宮中的金絲雀好一個籠中鳥  金絲雀朕要找的也是一個能夠與我四海為家的女人你又在演戲呀?這件事我一定要跟我哥講這是什麼?不知道  剛地上撿的要不要來一口?說真的你有沒有一個跟你長得差不多的親戚?你不是說我是天下無雙嗎?我說差不多的我哥呀  跟你妹挺合適的為什麼?他也特喜歡幫人擦背想不到堂堂一個天子也有這種嗜好想不到吧?你見了他就知道了吃飯啦是不是地震?殺氣!我覺得有一陣陣殺氣逼近我們還想什麼?你妹妹會明白的幹嘛?糟啦  我感覺到殺氣了哥!哥  他們兩個在裏面會有事嗎?當然沒事打死不離親骨肉  好像我們這樣沒事的真的嗎?真的你身為一國之君  言而無信對你母后的安排  陽奉陰違教唆皇妹做一些違經逆典的行為加上私訪江南  置天下子民不顧這種不忠  不孝  不仁  不義的行為怎麼對得起列祖列宗?怎麼面對百姓?你現在還想跟這個不三不四閒花野草的女子私訂終身?母后  她...還說!你敢?我要娶她!原來他才是皇上哥  你說我可以和他在一起嗎?當然行! 你不記得爹說過?說你的相長得好  大富大貴命不嫁給有錢人  也會嫁達官貴人哥  其實我並不想當皇妃我只要能跟他在一起就可以了你們兩個跟我進去吧今晚  我感受到一份真摯的愛情令我皇兒勇往直前他終於長大成人因此我  准許你入宮我早說你行的!下來! 下來!至於你  我查過你的品德很差!太后! 無憑無據你可別聽人亂說!你自小無心向學十四歲就聯群結黨出來做小混混在村子裏稱王稱霸兩年前  你離開梅龍鎮說是闖蕩江湖  其實無所事事你脾氣暴躁  態度惡劣粗心大意  目不識丁所以你將來肯定是一事無成所以  以你這樣的人品我不能將公主嫁給你母后  他以前不好不代表以後也不好以後的事你不知道  我也不知道倒不如讓老天來決定這一雙是先王留下來的天下無雙緣定今生的龍鳳配指環真的有啊!這對指環是先王留給我用來替你挑選駙馬的如果他是你注定的丈夫戴上後就不會掉下來代表你們永不分離你敢不敢試?敢!好!如果它掉下來你答應我  以後永遠都不能見他!戴上它吧這輩子我們都不會分開了看到了  他不是你緣定的夫君他根本就配不起你!你是敷不上牆的爛泥你根本配不上!哥!我不能照顧你一輩子以後你要靠自己了我一向是以四海為家我知道你今天很開心  我感應得到哥哥沒事了  你不信?別走啊!攔住長公主!別走啊!哥!為什麼這樣對我哥哥?上次是咱們倆一起走的這次有了皇嫂這個生力軍我們兵分三路  太后一定沒轍我們到梅龍鎮再會合你幹嘛要去梅龍鎮?這樣你才可以在那認識嫂子嫂子也才可以在那等你認識她咱們在後花園集合出發別抓我回去  行不行?這次我們要變一下  咱們清一色娘子軍我跟你走!我幹嘛要走?你不是跟長公主說你掛念我嗎?所以我就來救你你是誰呀?我是你哥呀!妹妹! 你沒事吧?來人! 拿藥來!你們是不是抓我抓上癮啦?好! 這次我跟你走!你瘋了! 要我跟你出走?根據野史記載  那年冬天無雙長公主每日都在城樓徘徊有時自言自語  有時歡喜若狂她不斷對人說  會有一個人來接她當時群醫束手無策有人說她是因為憂國憂民所以舉止失常也有人說  她其實是感情受創相思成狂皇太后我們是代表哲別王子送聘禮來的母后我哥跟長公主是真誠相愛龍鳳配指環之事只不過是一個借口罷了母后  你何苦要拆散他們呢?住口!我寧願她嫁出去  做一個瘋皇妃也不要留一個傻公主在我身邊我能跟你喝酒當然高興!那你這樣說就不對了老是在攪和話又說回來呀  王相公其實  真是你不對呀上次你一聲不響就走了不是想著你不過多個人喝酒  好玩而已你上次不辭而別  真是不太夠意思不是吧?不是吧? 你掉進茅房裏?乾杯!我已經和我丈夫分開了是不是搬回來住?不是  我是路過這兒我打算去我姨媽家這裏有些銀子你拿去路上用吧你是不是又認識了一個女孩?這條手鏈本來就要送給你的拿去吧是我爹說你配不起我我沒有說過你配不起我今天你才給我這鏈子為什麼以前不給?龍哥!紫霞!紫霞說得對你每次都是怕人家嫌棄你你就放棄這段感情好像你和長公主的事一樣你這三八! 一回來就嘮嘮叨叨我和長公主的事關你屁事?你的事當然不關我的事但長公主的事就關我的事!她八歲那年曾經救過一隻下凡受傷的玉兔這隻玉兔在她悉心照顧之下回復健康這隻玉兔為了報答她就暗中處處保護她讓她事事化險為夷那你說長公主的事不關我的事?扯什麼蛋?假掰也好  真掰也好剛才紫霞還沒點醒你?你是要娶長公主  又不是娶她老媽長公主也沒說你配不上她我知道你在想什麼你想就算長公主不嫌棄你你戴不上那只戒指也不能算真命天子是嗎?想戴上這個戒指你就要記住天高地大  知心只有一個愛一個人就要把自己豁出去全心全意達到無我境界長公主過兩天出嫁給一個機會自己吧龍哥 什麼事? 龍哥   幹嘛?我不在這兩年情比金堅這小子是誰收的?他不是你找的兄弟嗎?他比你早一天來過這兒  他說是你兄弟他究竟是什麼人呢?情比金堅這個人到底是誰呢?有人說他是市井流氓也有人說他是江湖術士更有一種說法  說他是手牽紅線掌管天下姻緣的月老僊子這麼多年來  每次有什麼挫折我都會安慰自己一個深呼吸就算了但是這次  我知道是不行的因為我已經試了好多次我一直相信  人與人之間是有心靈感應以前是跟我妹  現在是跟另外一個人我感受到她很需要我所以我決定離開大膽李一龍!竟敢冒犯無雙長公主?我不是來冒犯長公主的我只是想跟她講幾句話前晚我碰到一個十幾年前的舊朋友她點醒了我我不應該因為其他人對我的看法而去傷害一個我心愛的人我應該學你皇兄那樣就算熊熊烈火都不會退縮今天  我要送這條鏈子給我的妻子希望她會原諒我我們永遠都不分開李一龍  長公主已經走了是皇上叫我放了她的剛才我一直猶豫不敢這麼做因為我怕太后知道會砍我的頭但是我看她一直哭越哭越像你的樣子我實在不忍心就把她放了以後你要好好的對她很多時候  愛一個人愛得太深人會醉而恨的太久  心也容易碎世間最痛苦的事莫過於等待我不知道她等了我多久我一直以為我不會有機會再見到她突然間  我不知道怎麼開口不知道怎麼講那句話告訴她  我真的很愛她你沒看見我在跟王相公說話嗎?滾開!你放鬆點吧  你記住你只不過是俗世中的一粒微塵天地這麼大  一個深呼吸就什麼煩惱都沒了我是不會放棄的因為你在我心目中永遠都是天下無雙我從來都沒想過當我再見到她的時候她已經變成另外一個人她一直重複我的話她以為她自己是我原來愛一個人愛得太深真的就醉了說著說著  我變成另外一個人一個女人你記不記得你曾經在這裏交了枝桃花給我?你說春暖花開桃花還要面向陽光沒錯  我還說過如果你是一個女人我一定會娶你為妻我老實告訴你我是一個女人!我們有過肌膚之親  桃花為盟你一定要娶我為妻!我是答應過你不過我配不上你因為我戴不上這對天下無雙  緣定今生龍鳳配指環傻瓜!戴龍鳳指環最要緊是達到無我境界只要你記住我永遠都是你的天下無雙就行了試試吧!戴上它  我們一輩子都不分開是不是? 我早就說可以了!原來塵世間有很多煩惱是很容易解決的有些事只要你肯反過來看你會有另外一番光景我終於明白 「鏡花水月」是什麼意思其實情之所至應該你中有我  我中有你誰是男  誰是女又有什麼關係呢?兩個人在一起開心不就行了今天她是小霸王可能明天又輪到我了桃花開了! 桃花開了!皇妹說得對  春暖花開我想她一定找到自己喜歡的人了笑就笑吧  別裝蒜了來啦  乖是不是很溫馨?字幕制作：@你的傲慢我的偏见禀告太后!
Your Highness!皇上和长公主又要密谋逃走了!
The royal siblings plan to escape again! 截住他们!   遵旨!
 Stop them!  Yes, Your Highness!待会咱们就分头溜出宫去
We'll sneak out separately...免得两个人走太招摇
to avoid suspicion.然后咱们在江南的梅龙镇会合
We'll then meet up in Meilong town.光天化日我们这样走  行不行?
Are we going to get away in broad daylight?没问题!
Sure!皇上  你就这样走的话
Your Majesty! If you leave us,宫中岂不是群龙无首吗?
the palace will be left without a leader.怎么会?
Of course not.母后这么精明  什么事一天到晚都要管
The Queen Mother is very clever,
she takes care of everything all the time.就让她拿主意好了
Let her make all the decisions.别在这碍手碍脚!
Now off with you!这班人在我眼中  只不过是一群饭桶
For me, these useless people are just like bucketfuls of rice.皇上在我眼中  何尝不是一个粽子?
For me, The Emperor is like a rice dumpling.你们这些奴才  可恶!
You fools!放我下来!
Leave me alone!你们都是饭桶!
You idiots!怎么可以让长公主跑掉了?
How could you have let the Princess escape?奴才该死!
It's all our fault!你们这些废物!
You useless trash!拦住了皇上  却让长公主不见了
You stopped the Emperor, but lost sight of the Princess.皇上出宫  最多闹点荒唐事
The Emperor could be allowed to fool around outside.长公主出宫  一旦出什么问题
But the Princess... What if something happens to her?我大明皇族颜面何存?
What would happen to the reputation of the Ming Dynasty?到底长公主是怎么跑掉的?
How did she manage to get away?应该跟我们的部门无关吧
Our department should not be responsible.根据野史记载
According to unofficial historical records,当日长公主是施展大内神功
the Princess used secret martial techniques,用独步灵犀的绝世轻功飞出了皇城
Vaulting right out of the Palace.但根据东厂的秘密档案
But according to the secret papers,2046调查报告白皮书所说
File number 2046...这个嘛...
Let me see...无双长公主当日是施展了她
Princess Wushuang used a special skill...日后独步武林  脍炙人口的铁头神功
That won her fame later.撞破城门而去!
Her secret weapon was her head!不过  这些都不是事实
Hearsays aside.根据当日现场目击者的口供
According to witnesses...长公主是轻轻松松  无惊无险的
On that fateful day, the Princess sauntered leisurely...从大明门走着走着就走出去了
Out of the Palace.以上是本台的报导
End of our special report.混账!
Fools!随便走走就出了皇宫!
Sauntered and left!那外面的人  不也是随便走走就进了宫?
So people can saunter and enter the palace?立刻追她回来!
Find her!遵旨!
Yes!你连多走一步的勇气都没有
You cannot even take a brave step...怎么能够成为一国之君呢?
How can you be an emperor?这棵桃花  自从先帝去世之后
Since the late emperor's death,这么多年来一直都没有开花
The peach blossom has not flowered.肯定他在天之灵  担心着这对儿女的将来
His soul must be worried about his children's future.对不起!
Oops!抢我东西! 给我站住!
Robber! Stand still!好样儿的  等我喘过气来
You just wait,我一定追到你!
I'll catch you!我很多年前的外号叫小霸王
They call me Bully the Kid.任何人都可以很霸道
Anyone can be a bully...只要他够无聊
If he has nothing else to do.两年前  我决定浪迹天涯
Two years ago, I decided to be a drifter.说好听的就是飘泊江湖
To put it nicely, I travelled the world.难听的就是无业游民
To put it bluntly, I became a tramp.今天我碰到一个很无聊的朋友
Today an acquaintance invited me...他准备跟马贼打架
To join a fight.我立刻答应了他们
I agreed immediately.因为我比他更无聊
Because I am too bored.龙哥  今天怎么这个造型?
Hey! I see you have a new image today.我长得太好看了
I am too goodlooking.我希望在杀气方面能够加强点
I hope this adds a little malice...当那些敌人一看到我就知道我身经百战!
Then the enemy will immediately know I am invincible!加了大疮就能增加你的杀气吗?
A lump on the forehead does that?不是  这大疮是我吃麻辣火锅吃出来的
No! The lump is the result of my spicy hotpot diet.弟兄们  为了保住我们的地盘
Brothers, in order to protect our territory.这一仗  我们一定要赢!
We must win in this battle!杀!
Go!给我冲!
Charge!兄弟们  冲呀!
"Brothers, charge!"我们赶时间呀  大人
Officer, we're in a hurry!你们不要吵!
Silence!你们这帮小喽啰在公共场所持械私斗
How dare you clowns to fight in public area.官差大人  我们都是认识的
Officer, we are friends."不是私斗  不是打架
We were not fighting.你知不知道大明法例?
Don't you know the law states that...三个人以上就是非法集会!
Any gathering over 3 persons is illegal.带一公斤以上的兵器就是非法藏械!
Possession of any weapon over 1 kg is an offense.大人  我这把刀用来刮脚皮  才十两重
Officer, this knife is for pedicure, it weighs 0.8 kg.十两?
0.8 kg?上磅!
Let's see.十两?
0.8 kg, huh?你不到一米八  会有三百斤重?
You're shorter than 1.8 m, how can you weight over 300 kg?搜他!
Search him!你干嘛带把琵琶?
Why are you carrying a pipa?江湖生活  刀光剑影
My life could be dangerous sometimes,有把琵琶  时不时拿出来唱唱歌
With a pipa at hand I can sing...舒缓一下情绪
To relax myself.你讲这么多话干嘛?
Bullshit!我现在多告你一条超速罪!
I shall charge you speeding too.我几时超速呀?
Speeding? When?看!
Here!在我们的高速扫瞄仪器侦测下
As our hightech speed detector indicates...当时你的表情标准
Your facial expression...已经超出了时速一百二十公里
Has exceeded 120 kph.你能不能画这么快呀?
The machine works that fast?你敢低估这部仪器?
You dare to underestimate the machine?拿来!
Give it to me!这架高速扫瞄仪器精密之处
The wonder of this hightech machine...就在于里面有个高速扫瞄人员
Is that it conceals a highspeed technician.该死了吧?
Now you know!厉害吧  还有更精彩的
The better is yet to come.这张是你骑马途中挖鼻屎的样子
This one shows you picking your nose while riding.而这张是你百般无聊等待对方出现
This one shows while your waiting for the enemy...挖屁股的样子
You scratched your ass.这张是你洗澡的样子
Your bathing.这张是女人!
But this is a woman.是吗?
Oops.对不起
My mistake.这张是青花阁小菁送给我的
It's a souvenir from Miss Spring of the Spring Flower Brothel.总之你死定了  李一龙!
Anyway, you're done for. Li Yilong!我的妆化成这样你也认得我?
Hey, you recognize me in this makeup?你化成灰我都认得出你!
Of course I can!你就是梅龙镇大厨金菜刀的儿子!
You are the son of the Golden Chef of Meilong.你怎么知道我这么多?
How on earth could you know that?我怎会不知道?
Why couldn't I?别动!
Freeze!你小时候就流着鼻涕去打穿人家窗户
As a toddler, you broke people's windows and...长大了就联群结党去凌辱村民
You got worse as you got older, beating up villagers.简直是神憎鬼厌!
You're despicable!你到底是谁?
Who on earth are you?你的易容术是谁教你的?
Who taught you your "Face Off"?陈校长?
Principal Chan?刚才没了胡子你就不认识我
You can't recognize me without a moustache?枉我一番心血教导你
All my efforts on you are all wasted.知不知错?
Do you repent?知道
Yes.知道又怎么样?
And so?打五十下手板
Punishment of 50 canes.本来就是打五十大板
50 canes would have been the standard.但是你妆化得乱七八糟  多打三十!
But another 30 for your lousy makeup!在这个时候  我想起陈校长说过
Then I remembered what Chan once said:在外面游历的浪子
For a prodigal son is always...就好像秋天的落叶一样
Like an autumn leaf...当秋风过后 他们就会落地归根
Its root is its final home.不知道家乡的那棵树的叶子落了没有?
Are the leaves falling at home now?也不知道家乡的人有没有想着我?
Are the folks thinking of me?他虽然很用力的打我
The canes hurt. Although Chan struck hard,但我知道他的心很痛
I knew he was heartbroken.他说他不想见到我
He said he'd never see me again.其实是给我一条路走
I know he wants to put me on my way.我很感激你  陈校长!
I will never forget you! Principal Chan![Dragphoenix Restaurant]凤姐  怎么了?
What's wrong, Phoenix?杀气
The smell of blood.我感觉到有一股杀气
I can feel an intense force coming.小霸王回来了!
Bully the Kid is back!别以为...
Don't you think...去年义弟对我说
My brother said...被龙凤店那个臭婆娘教训了一顿
He was beaten severely by a bitch here last year.我还以为多厉害  原来是这等货色
I had thought she was something. Now I can see it was a fluke.你哪位?
And who can this be?我是江湖号称千手如来
I am the "Matchless Thousand Hand"...铁掌无敌左冷禅
Zuo Lengchan我今天来是为我义弟报仇的
I am here to avenge my blood brother.铁掌无敌!
Thousand Hand the Matchless! 让我来!  无敌?
 Let me!  Matchless?根据左冷禅的《江湖血泪史》描述
According to the memoirs of Zuo Lengchan...当时的情形其实是这样的
It happened like this.我栽在小霸王兄妹手上
They hit me like...我除了败在... 不  Sorry
Sorry!我栽在小霸王兄妹手上
They hit me like...其实不是这个版本
Actually, it was not what really happened.他们用乱棍打我
They were ultimate Street Fighters,用街头霸王四十二式最残酷那招!
Using the cruelest tricks on me!我就栽在一张折椅上
I was injured by a folder chair.现在还经常会出血
The wound still bleeds sometimes.不打啦! 不打啦!
Stop... Stop!我怕了你们俩! 不打啦!
You win, fair and square! I quit!好吃吗?
Good?一碗用爱心做出来的面能不好吃吗?
How could noodles made with love not be tasty?不行!
No!比老妈的手艺差得远了
Incomparable with mother's noodles.我走了两年  你一点长进也没有?
Two years, and you haven't improved one bit.学学我嘛!
Learn from me!你看
Look.妈死之前  给你这条手链
Mother left this bracelet是希望你遇到一个人娶了她  把它送掉
For your future bride.都忘了吧?
Have you forgotten?说我? 你那条呢?
You're lecturing me? How about yours?说你这人没长进
You fared better?你以为我不想?
You think I don't want to?整个村的人谁不知道你是我哥?
The whole village knows I'm your sister.还有谁敢追我?
Who dares to take me?你可别赖我!
Please don't blame me!不看你自己像个男人婆似的谁敢追!
You act too much like a man for a man to like you!你看我  从头到脚
Me as a man?哪个地方像男人?
Says how?先生
Excuse me, sir...请问你  这附近有客栈吗?
Pray tell, is there an inn nearby?趁早死吧你!
You go to hell!对不起
Excuse me.所以说  你就别赖你哥吓走那些乡民
Never say it is I who scare other villagers away from you.为了证实与我无关
To prove this,我现在就去看望他们
I shall now go visit them.龙哥
Good brother.请我喝喜酒?
An invitation to your wedding banquet?我代表乡民把这绝交信交给你
On behalf of the village I offer you this letter.信里写得清清楚楚
The letter states clearly.希望你以后千万别找我们
We want you to stay away from us.从此以后  大家河水不犯井水
From now on, we want nothing more to do with you.你有病呀?
Are you nuts?一点都不顾别人感受?
Could you be a bit more considerate?既然信里写得清清楚楚
If the letter already states everything,用不着你再口述一次吧?
Why do you bother to read it loud again?去死吧你!
Go to hell!龙哥!
Good brother!黑猪!
Black Pig!别以为这里没有人喜欢我
Now I do have friends here.很久没见了  这位是?
Long time no see. And who's this?也就只有这些畜生愿意跟你交朋友
Yes, some weird friends you have.连名字都叫猪朋狗友
And with those names like animals.龙哥!
Good brother!他的名字可不叫畜生
Now he's got a real name.快告诉凤姐  你的名字叫什么?
Quick, tell Phoenix your name!情比金坚!
Amour Amour!不是外号  真名呀!
Not your nickname, the real one.罗曼蒂克!
RoManTique!看到妹妹一身男人打扮  我完全可以理解
Now I understand why my sister dresses like a man.当一个女人极度渴望她的意中人出现
When a woman desperately longs for a man...但是又没出现
For a long time...她的潜意识就会令她装扮心目中那个人
She would dress up as him before he appears.我感应到她
I can read her mind...是因为我们从小就有心灵感应
Because a strong vibe connects us since childhood.我知道她现在想什么
I can tell what she's thinking now.真棒! 感应到哥哥了?
Great! You can read my mind too!真的感应到?
Really? Yes?有眼屎也不擦掉
Clean your face, quick!好  替你找个老公!
I'll get you a mate!我小霸王李一龙叫大家来是为了一件事
I, Bully the Kid, have asked all of you to come, because...我知道你们不爱搭理我
I know you don't think too much of me,老实说  我也不爱搭理你们
Nor do I.但你们不可以因为我而对我妹妹有偏见
But you shouldn't have a prejudice against my sister because of me.今天跟大家说
I am asking you...就是要帮我妹妹找一个真心爱她的男人
To come to help my sister find a man who truly loves her.如果他经得起我们梅龙镇
If a man can survive...那个万试万灵的真心炉考验
The Sacred Fire of Meilong,无论是乞丐还是皇帝
Whether he is king or pauper,伸手进去又烧不到的话
If he put his hand in and remains unscathed,证明他是真心不怕红炉火
Then he is a true hero with a true heart.我就会把我妹妹嫁给他
He shall marry my sister.而我阿龙...
As for me...就会离开梅龙镇
I shall leave Meilong这辈子都不回来!
And never return!谁敢来试?
Anyone want to give it a try?我! 我! 我! 我!
All of us!这么踊跃?
So many volunteers?没一个是真心真意喜欢我妹妹的
None of you truly loves my sister.你们全都想我走!
You want to get rid of me!活该全变成烧猪手!
This serves you right!好! 不帮我妹妹找到好男人
Fine! If my sister cannot find a husband,我是不会离开梅龙镇
I shall not leave Meilong.太感动了!
So moving!龙哥这番话
Good brother reminds me令我想起《大话西游》里面孙悟空他说过
Of a line by the Monkey King from "The Chinese Odyssey"...曾经有一碗热辣辣的烧猪手面摆在面前
"Once, there was a bowl of hot roast pig's knuckles noodles in front of me,"但我没有珍惜
"But I didn't value,"到面凉了之后才后悔莫及
"And didn't eat them until they were cold, it was too late."尘世间最痛苦的事莫过于此
"Nothing on earth hurts more than this!"你说这话跟龙哥说的话有关系吗?
What's those words to do with good brother?一点都没关系
Nothing!可我感动嘛
But I was moved nonetheless!各位乡亲父老
Good folks,为了答谢大家多年来对龙凤店的厚爱
For your kind support of our restaurant for so many years...龙凤店今天实行八折酬宾
We are offering 20% discount today...而且推出龙凤鸳鸯包
And specialties such as our special buns与及超级无敌炸腊肠套餐
And super fried sausage set meals.头三位客人还加送神秘礼物
And surprise gifts for the first three customers.千万别错过!
An offer not to be missed!你这混蛋!
You horrible creatures!我酬宾  又不是要你捐款!
I am thanking my customers, not asking for your donations!龙哥  我已经吃过午饭了
Good brother, I've eaten already.宵夜和晚饭不用吃?
Not even for your next meal, and the one after that?来! 来!
Come!妹妹  有人心脏病呀!
Sis, someone has gone down!你混蛋装死?
Playing dead now?凤姐  龙哥这样做还不是为了多帮你一些
Phoenix. Good brother is doing this all for you.一个客人都没有  要他帮什么?
No one comes here, what else can he do?他像支杀虫水一样堵在门口
He is worse than a pesticide, standing there like that.连苍蝇都不飞进来了
Not even a fly will get in.好! 走着瞧!
Just watch me!小霸王来了! 快走!
Bully the Kid is here!龙哥  你不是故意捉弄我吧?
Good brother, spare me!故意作弄? 我来关照你!
What? I am bringing you business.但是我的客人全都跑去关照你的店了
Yes, but all my customers have brought you business.这批不走怎会有第二批呢?
Business is like that, come and go.你老坐在这儿  哪还有人敢来?
With you sitting here, it can just be "go".向右不行  向左也不行
Both sides are blocked...前面还有个挡道的
And one blockhead in front!奇怪  我的心怎会跳得这么厉害?
Why is my heart beating so fast?难道是妹妹?
Could it be sis?原来真是她看到那位公子
So she is attracted to this gentleman,心跳得碰碰响
No wonder my heartbeats went wild.好! 让哥哥帮你安排这段姻缘
Be it so! Let me match them together.掌柜的  快点!
Waiter, be quick!老兄  好身手!
Brother, good move!坐下喝杯酒!
Sit down and have a drink!当时我们的距离是七公尺零八公分
At a distance of 7.08 meters...在不够四分之一柱香的时间  我做了一个决定
Within the time of 0.25 incense stick, I made a decision.我看他人品不错  身手也挺好
The gentleman was athletic, and looked handsome...所以我决定把他介绍给我妹妹
I decided to introduce him to my sister.当时我距离这个人是三公尺零八公分
At a distance of 3.08 meters...但在不到四分之一柱香的时间里
Within the time of 0.25 incense stick...我做了一个影响终生的决定
I made a lifechanging decision.既然我身上的银两没了
I was broke,这个傻冒儿又说要请客
And he offered to treat.所以  我决定吃死他
I decided to eat all I could eat.当时我的心情乱到
I had no idea what...不知道那个距离有几公分
...the distance was...连香都不用点  我就做出了一个决定
I didn't need an incense stick...我一找到机会  就放泻药拉死他们!
I must find a way to get rid of them.这位相公非常特别
This gentleman stands out from the rest.我从来没见过我哥这么热情招待一位客人
My brother has never treated anyone so well.从那天开始
Starting from that day...他们每天在小泉居喝酒聊天
They have been drinking and talking, day in day out.看来他不只吸引了我哥  还吸引了我
Looks like my brother is attracted to him, and I too.你肚子很饿? 吃块鸡
Hungry, huh? Try the chicken.我们梅龙镇的鸡非常好吃
Meilong is famous for its chicken我的酒呢?
Bring me my wine!与龙哥共举杯
"A drink with a good brother,"萍水相逢作朋友
"A friend in good weather."世间相聚不容易
"In this time at this place we meet,"请你再饮这杯酒
"A toast we need."好贤弟  庆相逢
"I cherish our meeting,"一见如故说风流
"A warm and wonderful blessing."投缘就是好兄弟
"Between us there's a heat,"今夜与你喝个够
"This night is a feast."与龙哥称兄弟
"We can be brothers,"千杯不醉乐悠悠
"Our happiness knows no border."楼台近水月当空
"For us the world exists,"酒逢冤家又何求
"No matter where our paths lead."好贤弟  喝一杯
"I cherish our night,"人生梦醒再回首
"May tomorrow be another fight."百年好酒千杯少
"On this wine we feed"那怕老板要我走
"No matter his heart will bleed."关我什么事?
What's it got to do with me?金镶玉  凤求凰
"Dragon for phoenix,"人间最难配成双
"It is a complicated matrix."天下知己当你我
"Now that we are acquainted,"只恨时光太匆忙
"Our future needs repainted."说不完  喝不够
"Good brother behold,"最难得是好朋友
"A sun needs a moon to be whole."酒逢知己千杯少
"Good wine must be cherished,"只恨时光太匆忙
"But time has also vanished."龙兄
Good brother,这儿虽然又吃又住招呼周到  不过...
The food and living here is great, but...我想我还是该走了
I must be going.不错
Yes.天下没有不散的筵席
All feasts must come to an end.再这么下去  我也不知能顶多久
I can't last much longer anyway.开始我以为我请你一顿
At first, I thought,你怎么也得回请我一顿
We were going to buy meals in turns...结果顿顿都是我请
As it turned out, it was always I who paid.不过我不是一个小器的人
Not that I mind this,我只不过是一个有什么就说什么的人
I say what I feel.我知道你一定有困难
You must be in financial difficulty.这儿有些银子  你拿去吧
Here, take these.根据无双长公主日后出版的回忆录
According to the Princess Wushuang's memoirs...《我和小霸王的一段情》里记载
Amour a la Bully the Kid...当晚  当小霸王抱着她的时候
That night, in the arms of Bully the Kid...她经历了人生中一个极度难忘的时刻
She experienced a moment she could never forget...她第一次有心跳的感觉
For the first time in her life, she felt her heartbeat.但是  在小霸王的回忆录中
However, Bully the Kid remembered that night...对那晚的描述又是另一个版本
Rather differently.多多保重!
Take care!不过  根据小泉居老板的
However, according to the innkeeper...回忆录《誓不低头》
...who offered a different view in his memoirs[我与小霸王对抗三十年]里面描述
Never Gave Up My Thirty Years Of Fighting Bully the Kid其实情形是这样的
This is what really happened...当晚很混乱  也不知道谁抱着谁
There was no way of telling who was holding whom...场面极度感人
Emotions were charged.送完又送  抱完又抱
There keep bidding farewell continuously又抱又送  依依不舍
There was so much holding and embracing.反正就是没完没了
There was no ending in sight.送君千里终须一别
Let's bid farewell here.我还是不送了
Goodbye!送君千里终须一别
Let's bid farewell here.不知不觉都送了你一个月
We have been bidding farewell for one month now.再送就送到你家了
You'll soon be home.这次真的不送了
Let us part now!保重!
Take care!哥  其实两个人吃饭
Brother, It is more fun to have three...还是没有三个人吃饭开心
At a dinner table than the two.妹妹  你别发愁
Sis, don't be upset.我知道你想着王相公  我有办法
I know you miss him. I have a solution.什么办法?
A solution?这玩意
I learnt this...是我这几年闯荡江湖时学回来的
In my wild days.叫做念力
"Concentration"如果你想那个人出现
When you miss something, some person...只要你集中精神看同一点
You concentrate on one point看着看着它就会出现了
And that person appears.哥  看这么久你累不累呀?
You've been staring at the same spot for a long time. Aren't you tired?当然累  我现在全身肌肉都僵了
Of course! My whole body is numb.连眼皮都合不上  快帮我找大夫
I couldn't even close my eyes. Get a doctor!快!
Go! 这么早?  对呀
 You're early.  Right.先坐  煮碗面给你吃
Sit. Shall I cook you some noodles?又回来看看?
Coming back for a look?对
Right.那你随便
Make yourself at home.天下知己当你我
"Now that we are acquainted,"只恨时光太匆忙
"Our future needs repainted."说不完  喝不够
"Good brother behold,"最难得是好朋友
"A sun needs a moon to be whole."酒逢知己千杯少
"Good wine must be cherished,"只恨时光太匆忙
"But time has also vanished."阿龙哥  举目瞧
"Brother, look."举目瞧
"Just look."那太阳月亮又一双
"The sun and moon are together."又一双
"Together."日夜更替紧相随
"Day changes to night following closely."紧相随
"Following closely"相辉相映如我俩
"Radiant as we."情比金坚  什么名?
" 'Amour Amour'! What sort of name is that?"不喝了!
No more drinks!这死鬼的真名叫正德王
This kid has the same name as Emperor Zheng De!参见圣上!
I bow to Your Majesty!平身!
Get up!小王八蛋  我拿刀砍死你!
You little bastard, beware!看你样子  该到婚娶的时候了
Little brother, you have reached marriageable age.为何尚未成亲?
Why haven't you married yet?我没找到如意郎君
Because I haven't found my destined husband.如意郎君?
Your husband?你当自己是女人?
You think you're a woman?我就是女人!
I am a woman.那我妹妹岂不是男人?
Wow, that makes my sis a man.是呀  每个人看到我都叫我先生
Yes, they all call me "good sir".我扮给你们看  等一下
I'll show you, hold on.像不像个男人?
Do I look like a man?像!
Yes!看我的
My turn.我像不像个女人?
Do I look like a woman?好像!
Wow!轮到我!
My turn.我们耍一套虎鹤相形拳给王相公看!
Let's perform Tiger Crane Fists together哥  你这个女装真是太美了
Brother, you look fabulous as a woman.完了!
It's over!我这样一个金枝玉叶  跟他有了肌肤之亲
I belong to royalty, and now I've shared a bed with him...他日怎么向母后交代?
How could I explain to the Queen Mother?他是一介莽夫  而我堂堂一个长公主
He's just a peasant, but I am a princess.母后怎么会答应呢?
Queen Mother would never consent!人妖!
A drag!忘了换衣服
Forgot to change.先刷牙吧
Brush up.你哥神里神经的
Your brother is a bit crazy.他以前也不是这个样子
He wasn't like this before.自从他被那个富家小姐抛弃之后
After he was dumped by a rich girl,才性情大变的
His changed a lot.其实那个富家小姐
Well, the rich girl,小时候家里也是没钱的
Didn't begin as a rich girl.她跟她的阿爷住在村尾
She lived with her grandpa right outside the village有一年  她摔断了腿
She broke her leg one year.我哥每天背着她走二十多里地去看大夫
My brother carried her to the doctor everyday, trekking miles and miles.还帮她做好晚饭  送她回家
Cooked for her, took her home, and then...后来她爹在京城里发了财
One day her dad got rich,便觉得我哥配不上她
And said she was too good for him.让他们断绝了来往
The romance got cut off just like that.我哥伤心之下  被迫出外闯荡世界
My brother was heart broken and left.其实我知道  他是不想留在这个伤心地
I know my brother wants to leave this unhappy place,他总希望有一天可以在外面碰见她
He hopes one day he'll run into her.那怕是只看她一眼  他就好满足了
Just for one look, then he would be satisfied.你干嘛?
What are you doing?刚刚洗完脸  顺便擦擦背
A back rub after a face wash!要不要洗个脚?
You want me to wash your feet?你这样好像我爹啊
You remind me of my dad.满嘴冒泡
With this foamy moustache.以前  我娘也是这样帮我爹擦背的
My mother used to rub my dad's back too.喂! 一起出去逛街!
Hey, let's go out!这个盆里的水呢
The water in this basin...是从天山姻缘洞里拿来的
is taken from Tianshan's Destiny Cave.可以照到尘世间种种奇异的姻缘
It reflects people's destinies.能不能照出十二指肠和胃溃疡呀?
Does it also reflect ulcers and other ailments?以为戴个假胡子
With your moustache,我就不认得你是那个什么情比金坚?
You think I wouldn't be able to recognize you, Amour Amour?龙哥  我只是做兼职
Good brother, but this is my parttime.也不能天天全职当流氓呀
I couldn't survive as a fulltime tramp.不过这个盆呢
But this basin of water个个试过都说灵
Can really foretell your destiny.是吗?
Really?照照我们看
Let's check our destiny.照照看
Come on.是啊  你们的缘份可以做闺中姐妹
Well, you two have a nice sisterly path. 好呀! 好呀!  你胡说什么?
 Very well.  What are you saying?那再照照我们俩
Now let us do it.你们两个呢  就可以做夫妻了
And you two will be husband and wife.妹妹!
Sis!滚一边去! 待会儿跟你算帐!
Get off, I will avenge later.妹妹!
Sis!真是笑死我了
You funny man!两个男人怎么可以结为夫妻呢?
How could two men be married?不是啊  你们刚才照的时候
Just now when you two were there...那水面震的好厉害
Do you recognize the intense vibration of the water,影子不断的摇动
And the shaking of the shadow,这个就叫做“镜花水月”
It's the classic "Mirage" syndrome似真非真  似假非假
Truthful and yet illusive.你会跟水影中的阿龙有段姻缘
You are destined to be together with the
Li Yi long that exists in the water reflection,但是你不会和你身边这个
But not with the present him.既不高大又不矮小的阿龙有结果
Otherwise, you two would not bear fruit.你说什么?
What are you talking about?当你得到那对天下无双
When you get the Unique...缘定今生龙凤配指环的时候
Destiny Ring,你就会得到“镜花水月”
The "Mirage" shall materialize里面真心爱你的人
into true love.记住  这种宿世姻缘叫做
Remember, your destiny...桃花树下千里姻缘一线牵
Flourishes under a peach blossom tree.记住  桃花树下
Remember. Peach blossom!你耍我?
Don't joke with me!我不是开玩笑  长公主
I wouldn't dare, Princess.皇兄正德皇收工啦!
Emperor Zheng De must now call it a day.吓死我了
You nearly fooled me.长公主?
Princess?他怎么知道我是女人?
How does he know I am a woman?疯疯癫癫的
Crazy guy.老大爷
Good man...我被人跟踪  麻烦你帮我挡挡
I am being followed, please help me.没问题  长公主
No problem, Princess!你是谁?
Who are you?微臣赵飞
Your royal servant Fay...退休前御临军教头
Former head of the Palace troops,本次是受太后之托  秘密出来
Under the command of the Queen Mother,微服追查长公主下落
We need to operate in disguise to find Princess.太后密旨
The Queen Mother has ordered...不得惊动这里的地方官  希望不要...
To keep this operation confidential, so...不许叫!
Stop!不许跟着我!
Stop following me!别跟着我!
Don't follow!知府大老爷的公子你都敢撞?
Your dare to bump into the son of the Magistrate.你还左看右看?
What are you looking at?我在跟你说话呢!
I am talking to you!是不是想我抓你回去?
Shall I lock you up?千万不要泄露身份
Don't expose ourselves.他们带长公主去衙门  我们跟她一起去
We could be locked up too, so as to protect her.哥  他们把王相公抓去
Brother, they've taken him.会不会毒打一顿?
Are they going to beat him up?不会
No.你刚才不见突然多了一些人帮王相公
A group of strangers seems to be helping him.我觉得有古怪
I smell something fishy.对呀
Right.跟我来
Follow me.他们都是大内高手
We are all imperial guards.一定会保护长公主的安全!
We come here to protect you.别吵!
Shut up!究竟刚才谁有份咬我的耳朵?
Who bit my ear?没人敢认是吧?
Nobody confess?过会我爹出来  你们就知道味道!
You will see when my dad come.爹!
Dad!你们这班江洋大盗  简直目无王法
You ruthless gangsters!竟敢殴打本官!
How dare you to beat me up?有什么不敢?
Why couldn't we?我们都是江湖上的金牌打手!
And we are certainly experts in this.什么金牌打手?
Who's backing you?我家主人  朱字头!
The Chu's.山东响马猪油渣嘛
Fatty Chu from Shandong?再打!
More!我说错了吗?
I said something wrong?知府大人说
The Magistrate has decided这件事情不属于刑事殴打
That this can not be categorized as a criminal case.只不过是一宗民事诉讼
But simply a civil one.本衙门不接受这个案子
We do not take on civil cases.马上把这些人全给我放了!
Dismiss all of them!你是谁? 你说放就放?
Who the hell are you to have the authority to command?这位公子这么多话
This gentleman seems to have some opinion...请你出来到后面谈一谈
Care to come inside for a chat?怕你呀? 进就进!
Why should I be afraid?阿成! 阿权! 阿龙! 阿昌! 阿强! 阿达!
Jack! Joe! John! Jim! Jay! Josh!统统进来!
Follow me, all of you!啥事?
What's going on?走吧!
Let's go!住嘴! 别跟着我!
Shut up! Don't follow me!参见长公...
Your...不准叫!
Shut up!参见长公...
Your...不准叫!
Shut up!不要惊动乡民
Do not arouse any public attention.叫便服侍卫贴身保护长公主离开本镇
The guards will secretly accompany the Princess to leave.我们会在三里外的山坡上接应
We'll meet up 3 km away.是
Yes.你到底什么人?
Who on earth are you?我要走了
I got to go.走?
Go?那我妹怎么办? 泡完溜?
What about my sis? Discarding her after the intimacy?我才是被人那个那个呢
I am afraid it is I who is being discarded.一龙  听我说
Yilong, listen.你记住今天我跟你说的话
Remember what I tell you today.说!
Speak up.那天我们大家喝醉了  有了肌肤之亲
We had some sort of intimacy on the night when we got drunk.这是铁一般的事实
That is an undeniable fact.做男人不可以推卸责任的
And a man must bear this responsibility.对呀!
Of course.做丈夫的要对妻子千依百顺
A husband must do as told by his wife...呵护备至  温柔体贴
Must take care of her, treat her well,别跟她顶嘴
Heed her wishes.应该是女人对男人才对呀
Isn't that the wife's job?别抢对白! 让他说完!
Shut up and listen to him!老婆是用来爱护的
A wife needs to be loved.她可能娇生惯养一点
She might be a bit spoilt.有时又很调皮  你就迁就她一下
A bit naughty at times, and you must see to her needs.我不是这个样子的!
I am not like that!别吵! 等我把话讲完!
Shut up and let me finish!如果你可以做到这样
If you can do that,就是个好丈夫了  知道吗?
You can be a good husband. Do you get it?你跟我说这些干什么? 你跟你自己说!
Why tell me this? You should tell yourself!我会回来接你的
I will come back for you.你接我干嘛? 你接她才对!
Why me? You should come back for her!没事吧?
Are you alright?王相公  你搁错肩膀哭吧?
Excuse me, are you hugging the wrong person?你上京吧
You must move on.他都不理我
But he ignored me.我不是说你
I am not talking to you.我真的走了
I really must go.你一定要回来
You must come back.你做的菜这么好吃  我一定会再回来的
You cook so well. I will definitely come back.你怎么了?
Are you alright?我以为  他抱着我的时候...
I thought when he held me,我会很兴奋
I would get all excited.但我为什么没有一种心跳的感觉?
But it turned out I didn't feel a thing.这是怎么回事?
Why?那么多朝廷命官护着他
Why is he protected by the royal court?他到底是什么人?
Who could he be?我记得他有个包袱在这儿
I'm sure he has left his bag somewhere.你在这儿小便!
You dare to pee here!龙哥  不是呀  大狗在拉屎!
But Big Dog is in the toilet.龙哥... 我来拿! 我来拿!
Good brother... Let me get it!干什么?
What's going on?龙哥...
Good brother...别吵! 紧张时刻!
Quiet! Time for "show and tell".他是皇上?
He is the Emperor?我跟皇上打过滚?
I had fooled around with the Emperor?凤姐男朋友是皇帝!
Phoenix's boyfriend is the Emperor!凤姐男朋友是皇帝...
Phoenix's boyfriend is the Emperor!凤姐要做皇妃啦
Phoenix is going to be the princess.情比金坚  你到哪去?
Amour Amour, where are you going?我有事  一会儿再回来找你
I need to run some errands. Be back soon.走! 全给我走!
Go away! Go!我最讨厌人势利眼!
I hate greedy people!以前不见你们对我妹妹这么好?
You have never treated my sister well before.现在才来巴结
Now it is too late.龙凤店不做你们生意!
Our restaurant will serve none of you!龙哥  外面传得很厉害
Good brother, there are a lot of rumors out there说皇上都在玩弄你的妹妹
It says the Emperor was just fooling around with your sister.皇上不是那种人
No, he won't.我跟他生活过一段时间
I have spent time with that man.我很了解他
I really know him.我不会让我妹妹沦为玩偶的
And I will protect my sis from being fooled with.我明天就上京找皇上
I will go find the Emperor tomorrow.奴才该死!
Our fault!分明是一派胡言!
Such nonsense!大风能把长公主吹走吗?
How could a gust of wind blow the Princess away?如果不把长公主找回来
If you fail to bring the Princess back,你们就人头不保!
All heads would roll.母后息怒!
Be at peace the Queen Mother!孩儿只是想请示母后
I just wish to volunteer...请母后准许孩儿带大内密探
To lead the imperial Troop.一起去把皇妹找回来
To find the Princess back.希望有个戴罪立功的机会
I want a chance to prove myself以表示孩儿对母后的歉意
And to show the Queen Mother my repentance.你去吧
Wish granted.谢母后!
Thank you, Queen Mother.做皇帝也是需要有点演技的
An emperor must have some acting skills.这次终于可以出去走走
Finally, I have the chance to get some fresh air.哥!
Brother!哥!
Brother!凤姐
Phoenix!看到我哥吗? 我找一早上都没找到他
Have you seen my brother? I've looked for him the whole day.我刚刚在桥头上还看到他
I just saw him on the bridge.他好像去找王相公
He was on his way to find the Emperor.找王相公?
My brother left to search for him?又是你?
It's you again?我靠! 你以为你是谁?
Damn! Who do you think you are?又来找龙哥麻烦?
Why come to bother us again?自从上次之后
Since last time...我回去苦练我的刀法
I have been practicing a lot.终于  让我领悟到无敌鸳鸯刀
Now I am excellent in using the Matchless Blades.这次来  是想再领教你们兄妹俩
I'm back to defeat you guys!这套剑法  莫非是失传的...
Your technique, could it be the longlost...?没错  这就是眉来眼去剑法!
Good guess. The longlost "Romancing Eyes".这套剑法精粹就是刚中带柔
This style emphasizes what's soft within hard,厮杀之中闪着无限的温馨
Even in killing there is tenderness.以勾魂摄魄的眼神
The eyes will beguile the enemy,置对手死于无形之中!
Breaking down all defense!实在太邪!
This is uncanny.我要再加强功力!
I have to upgrade to another level!好! 我也要加强功力!
Good! I'll upgrade too!喂! 借我点眼神!
"Hey, give me an eye!" 我?  来!
 Me?  Quick!好一朵江南小野花!
Wow, such a wild blossoming woman!最多就是这样了
It's the most I can do.这个行不行?
How about this?不要逼我  不要这样  够了
Don't make me, don't, enough!还不行?
Not enough?这个行不行?
How about this?我们给你眼神!
Let us help!行!
Done!我的链子都断了
I broke my bracelet.小心! 这刀有毒!
Careful, the blade is poisoned!不把毒血吸出来  麻烦就大了!
We need to suck the blood out!我第一次感觉到爱情的心跳
It is the first time I feel the blood of love rushing to my heart.可是在这生死关头
On the brink of life and death,我竟然开始胡思乱想
I start to fantasize![Travel Around the World.]我知道她在胡思乱想
I can tell she is fantasizing.我要比她更胡思乱想!
I must outdo her!高公子在干什么?
What is Mr. Ko doing?可能是在胡思乱想吧
Fantasizing, probably.今天 从这个高公子口中知道
I learned from Mr. Ko today他原来是戏班唱戏的
That he was originally an actor.就像我哥一样  四海为家
Like my brother, he is a wanderer.晚上  他又突然回来了
He came back tonight说怕左冷禅再出现  要贴身保护我
And said in case Zuo Lengchan returns, he can protect me.我没办法拒绝他
I couldn't refuse him.因为他有一种令人无法抗拒的威严
He has a grandeur that no one can resist.睡不着?
Can't sleep?不是
I'm fine.别胡思乱想了  睡吧
Stop fantasizing and sleep.我不会做出不君子的越轨行为
I am a respectable gentleman.又怎么了?
What now?胳膊冷
My shoulders are cold.那我手搭你身上好不好?
Shall I warm them for you?随便
OK.你冷吗?
Are you cold?一点点
A little.要不要... 把手借给你?
You... need my hand?也好
Can do.现在有没有暖一点?
Warmer now?暖一点  不过脚有点冷
Warmer. My feet are getting cold though.那搭在一起吧
Let's put our feet together.不如我们抱紧一点好了
We can hold each other tight.好了  现在可以睡觉了
Now, sleep.不要胡思乱想啦
And don't fantasize.你觉不觉得有点热?
Isn't it getting too warm?对呀  怎么多了这么多手手脚脚?
We are having lots hands and legs here!你们给我出去!
Bugger off!不是说你呀  凤姐!
No, not you, Phoenix!凤姐! 凤姐!
Phoenix! Phoenix! 公子!  放手!
 Sir!  Hands off!你们在搞什么东西?
What are you guys doing?贴身保护!
Protecting you!皇上  你一直跟太后说
Your Majesty, your told the Queen Mother...出来是来找长公主的
The trip is meant to find the Princess.可是你一出来就找女人
Not for you to womanize.你说你这个事情如果给太后知道了
If she hears about this,那我们可就惨了
The Queen Mother would kill us.各位大哥啊
Good brothers,其实我比你们还更惨呀
But I am worse than dead!我一出生就没得挑  就要做皇帝
I am doomed as the Emperor at birth.其实我是一个天真活泼
I am indeed an innocent,充满创意的年轻人
lively and creative person.我最大的理想就是改变这个世界!
My ideal is to change this world.皇上  你什么意思?
What does your Majesty mean?其实我的意思就是不拘小节
What I mean is let us forget the formalities.以后君臣之间  大家见面时就握握手
From now on, we shake hands when we meet.要不然就敬个礼
Or a salute will be fine.再不然...
Or, even like...刚刚的感觉是不是很亲切?
Now that was warm and close, wasn't it?皇上!
Your Majesty!乖!
Good boy!我那感人的演技  又再一次成功了
My talent for acting strikes again!就凭我生平绝学草上飞轻功
With my best ever skill of "Flying on the Grass",三日之内就可到达皇宫
I can reach the Palace in three days.我在这儿呢!
Hey, I am here! 我来啦!  别跳过来!
 I am coming!  Don't!叫了你了  还是往里掉
Told you not to come near!你怎么会在这儿?
How come you are here? 我啊  我是来找...  我呀?
 I... I was here...  For me?要不然咱们大声喊救命吧
What if we both cry for help?得了吧
No.男人大丈夫轻易向人求救的吗?
Men wouldn't easily cry for help.让我用草上飞的轻功救你出去吧
Let me rescue you with "Flying on the Grass".其实我的轻功在烂泥里很难发挥的
You know, mud doesn't work as well as grass.等晒几天  泥巴干了就好了
We'll be fine when it dries up.放心  雨过之后就会天晴
Don't worry, sunshine always come after the rain.渴死啦  我好想喝水
I am thirsty.所以说你不够江湖经验
You are not experienced enough.那天下雨  你看我嘴张那么大就知道了
Now you know why I opened my mouth wide in the rain that time!先喝一点存起来
A bit of stock wouldn't hurt.怎么了你?
What's up?我喝得太多了  尿急
Too much stock inside.肚子饿先吃片叶子
Eat some leaf if you're hungry.那你干嘛不吃? 嫌脏吧
Then why don't you have it. Too dirty?我才没你那么笨
I am not stupid like you.你还叼着呢
You're still holding that!喂  把嘴伸过来
Turn this way.快点!
Quick!好点了吧?
Feeling better?你哭啦?
Hey, you are crying.别浪费  留点给我!
Don't waste it, let me get it!咸是咸了点  但可以顶得住
A bit salty, but good enough.你别笑  继续哭
Don't laugh. Keep crying.一滴不够喝的
I want more.虽然  我是金枝玉叶
Although I am raised up in the royal family,从小被很多人万般宠爱
And used to pampering since birth,原来都比不上这个男人
Nothing is compared with the care of this man...在这一刻对我的关怀
For me at this moment.放心! 风风雨雨过后就...
Relax! After the storm we'll...不要再说啦
Don't say anymore,再说我们就得遭雷劈啦
Or else, we will be struck by the thunder.她说打雷的嘛
It was she who said thunder strike.你劈我干什么?
Why take it out on me?老婆婆  你已经看了我们两个时辰了
Granny, you have been staring at us for hours.到时候救我们呀
When are you going to rescue us?我也是在考虑呀
I am deliberating...有没有这个能力可以救你们?
If I can help.那还不快点去找人!
Go get some help please! Quick!好!
OK!在她说完这个“好”字之后五个时辰
Half a day passed after she uttered the word "OK",她不过走了不到十公尺
She is still only meters away from us.鹅呀鹅  如果你有灵性
Goose, goose, if you understand us,就快点找人来救我们
Please go get some help.如果你救了我们
If you save us,我以后立法  全国禁止吃烧鹅!
I'll issue a ban on all eating of geese.这一只就有灵性了
Now this one seems to have supernatural powers.你这呆头鹅! 叫你带人来
Stupid goose! We need people to help...你带群鸭子来干什么?
What do we need ducks for?别往我头上拉屎
Don't shit on my head.走开!
Go away, go!有人来了!
Help is coming!老婆婆  我在这儿! 这边!
Hey, we are here!我不是不想找人救我们
Not that I don't want to be saved,但我想两个人能这样在一起
But it has been so nice for us together.为什么还要让第三个人出现?
Why do we need a third person?大家兄弟一场
We are like a family.以后还会做亲戚的
And you're my future brotherinlaw.这件事关系到我妹妹的终身幸福
This involves the happiness of my sis.你老实跟我说  你身体有没有缺陷?
So I need to know, do you have any physical defects?没有
No.没有?
No?那你为什么不肯跟我一起洗澡?
How come you wouldn't bathe with me?大家都是男人大丈夫  一起洗澡没问题呀
We are both men, what is the problem?我不习惯跟人一起洗澡
I am not used to sharing a bath.你不习惯跟人一块儿洗
I see.那你可以自己洗呀
But you can do it on your own.我不习惯像你这样蹲着洗呀
I can't squat when taking a bath.你怎么知道我是蹲着洗澡?
How do you know I squatted?你偷看我?
You peeped?用得着偷看吗?
Why bother to peep?门都没有  怎么洗?
There is no door. How can I bathe?那倒是  你身为一国之君
Right, an Emperor怎么能叫你在街上蹲着洗澡呢?
Can't squat for a bath.这样看来是没办法了
There is nothing we can do, then.不如这样吧  我帮你擦背
Well, I can rub your back. 不能擦! 不行!  不用客气
 No, don't! No!  Come on.擦两下舒服点
You will find it comfortable.擦这儿行了  其它地方不能擦
OK, but keep your hand to that part.为什么你跟你妹都这么喜欢帮人擦背?
Both You and your sister like to rub people's backs, why?当你是自己人才替你擦
This is a friendly act.要是换了别人  我理都不理
I don't just rub anyone's back.你真算运气好
You are lucky找到一个像我妹这么好的女孩
To have found some girl like my sis.那你自己为什么不找一个?
Why don't you find one for yourself?我哪有你运气好? 没有了
I am not fortunate like you are.像我妹这么好的女孩子
Such a good girl like my sis...世界没有第二个了
nearly vanishes in the world.那倒也不一定
Maybe there is still some.你这么说可就不对了
It's not right to say that.你喜欢一个人就应该对她真心真意
When you like someone, your heart falls for her completely.正所谓情有独钟
People say "one heart one love".就算她怎么平凡
No matter who she is,在你心目中应该是独一无二
She becomes unique on天下无双才对
the whole earth.那你找到你的天下无双没有?
So have you found your unique woman?这种事是可遇而不可求的
Easier said than done.曾己何时  我以为自己找到天下无双
Once I thought I have found my unique.没想到在她心目中
Turned out it was just我只不过是一厢相情愿
my wishful thinking.我没有你那么好运气
I am not fortunate like you.我觉得你不用那么灰心
Don't give up.也许很快你就找到那个人
Maybe you'll find her soon.希望如此
I hope so.不过这么多年来  我老这样替自己打气
You know how I cheer myself up all these years?碰到什么挫折  我会跟自己说
Whenever I'm weary, I tell myself:我不过是俗世里的一粒微尘
I am just a dust in the earthly air.天大烦恼  一个深呼吸
Just take one deep breath.就什么都没了
And all troubles will disappear真深啊!
Oh, it seems to be very difficult.不是那么深的  你试一下
Not that difficult. You can try.抓紧拳头  紧握你的伤心事
Hold your sorrow in your fist.然后深呼吸
Then inhale deeply.“嘘”一声  所有怨气就都跑出来了
Let go and unleash all the bad vibes inside.行不行?
See?没感觉
No different at all.你这样  当然没感觉
You're not doing it right.你要想着那些伤心难过的事  那才会有效
Think of something that makes you sad.那我再试试
Let me try again.有了! 有了!
It works!真的行?
Really?对! 绝对有!
Yes, it works.我痛苦就是没饭吃肚子饿
My hunger was making me sad.可是现在我觉得特饱
Now I feel full.看来我也得试一下
Maybe I should give it a try.我也好饱
I feel full too.阿全  过来吃饭啦
Come and eat.婆婆  你真是好手艺!
Granny you cook so well!快点吃! 快点吃!
Quick!多吃点
Eat more.你胃口真好啊!
You really have good appetite!对呀  我想再来一碗呢
I want more.我帮你!
I'll get it for you.阿龙哥  你来瞧
"Good brother, come and see."小小竹筷是一双
"Chopsticks come in pairs."同根生来并肩长
"Shoulder to shoulder,"好像你我一模样
"Head to head: Just like the two of us."我的筷子要遭殃
"My chopsticks are in trouble."好贤弟  莫说笑
"Little brother, you are wrong."谁都比那牙签强
"Toothpicks can't be strong."筷子不过是酒桌友
"Chopsticks are fun,"哪能比做咱哥俩
"But our friendship strongly runs."咱哥俩  有比方
"Our friendship truly runs,"像杯依酒壶配成双
"As natural a couple as bottle and cup."共斟共饮共今宵
"One pours, one drinks, the night sinks."分明是一对傻鸳鸯
"Such a silly couple."酒壶胖  酒杯小
"The bottle fat, the cup small."不般不配怎成双?
"Surely they can't be a couple."你看那湖中白鹅戏
"See the geese necking,"相随相伴像我俩
"Sharing the fun we are having."今日游来明天烤
"Necking today, roasted tomorrow,"烧鹅的味道实在香
"The taste is very delicious."实在香
"Very delicious."一边饮  一边唱
"Singing and drinking,"天色将明话悠长
"The night is short, but our talk is long."酒儿越喝心越慌
"I am getting more and more worried."他为何不懂我心中想呀心中想
"How could I tell him my piece of mind."说者有意听者痴
"Meaningful words are ill received."从来笨蛋活得长
"Blessed are those who refuse to see."不想明日是与非
"Forget tomorrow's right and wrong."今夜与你醉一场  醉一场
"We shall drink up whole night long."又怎么了?
What's bothering you?没有  刚才吃的太饱了
Nothing. I ate too much.这里乡下地方  还担心你会吃不惯呢
I was worried you are not used to having peasant food.不会  其实吃什么都无所谓
Actually, it is not the food that counts.最主要是跟谁在一起吃
It is the company.粗茶淡饭  一餐半餐你当然觉得新鲜
Yes, peasant food is good for novelty to you.将来你回到京城后  很快会不记得了
You'd soon forget all about this once you're in the Palace.有件事我想跟你说清楚
There is one thing I want to make clear.虽然我们是萍水相逢
We haven't known each other for long,但也算是患难之交
But we are real friends.我一直当你是好兄弟
And I treat you as my brother.我希望你坦白跟我说
I want you to tell me:你是不是真心喜欢我妹妹?
Are you truly in love with my sis?如果你是真心真意
If you are,我希望你跟我回去  免得我妹担心
I want you to go back with me. So she needn't worry.如果你想玩游龙戏凤
But if you are just fooling around,那不如我们就此分手
We must part here.以后我也不希望再见到你
And I don't want to see you again.我可只有这一个妹子
I have only one sis,我不希望她受到伤害
I don't want to see her hurt.其实我真的挺喜欢你妹妹
I like your sister a lot.不过我们真的不可能在...
But it is impossible for us...行了
That's it!没事了
Done.我们好像注定跟这个地方有缘
It seems our paths are drawn to be crossed here.每次分手都会来到这里
We part here every time.我觉得这儿的桃花很美
The peach blossoms here are beautiful.我跟他说  很想带一枝回去做纪念
I told him I wanted to take a branch back as a memento.因为皇宫里的桃花是永远都不开的
The ones inside the Palace never flower.拿回去看看能不能接枝  春暖就会花开
Take it and see if it grows. It should flower when spring comes.记住要朝着阳光
Remember to place it in the sun.告辞了
Goodbye.没义气!
You scumbag!如果你有妹妹  我一定娶她!
I'd marry your sister if you have one!如果你是一个女的  我也会娶你!
I'd marry you if you were a woman!有意思! 如果你是女人  我也会娶你!
Great idea! I'd marry you if you were a woman!好!
Good!那我们一言为定!
This is a promise!我们以桃花为盟!
Let the peach blossoms be the token!好!以桃花为盟!
Let the peach blossoms be the token!我老实告诉你  我是个女的
Listen, I am really a woman.我们有过肌肤之亲  我们有桃花为盟
We have shared a bed and we have peach blossoms as token.所以你非得娶我不可
You must marry me.你是一个女人?
You are a woman?你不相信?
You don't believe me?还不信?
Still?信了吧?
Any more doubts?你刚才可是有反应的
You responded just now.别跟我说你感觉不到
Don't tell me you don't have any feeling.做男人说过的就要算数
A man must keep his words.我不是人啊!
I am a beast!我对不起我妹妹!
I betrayed my sis!我横刀夺爱!
I stole her love!最惨的是我会有感应
What's worse is that I do have the feeling.难怪一路都觉得怪怪的
No wonder I felt queer the whole time.你早点说嘛
You could have told me earlier.你叫我回去怎么跟我妹妹解释?
Now how am I going to explain this to sis?那我去解释吧
I'll explain then.她一定会伤心啊
That would break her heart.反正错都错了
This cannot be undone.现在生米煮成熟饭
As things stand now,我想凤姐她会谅解我们的
Phoenix will understand.那样最好...
That'd be best...我从来没想过要伤害她的
I'd never done anything to hurt her.难道情比金坚说的是真的?
Could Amour Amour be telling the truth?我们这段姻缘注定是要颠倒的
That we are destined to play our roles reversed?看来我一定要好好保护他才行
Seems like I must do my best to protect him.在过去的十天里
In the past ten days,皇上跟我们的关系是越来越亲密
The Emperor has been closer and closer to us.他的创意层出不穷
Also getting more and more creative.这饭一粒一粒真好吃
This is delicious.你觉得我设计怎么样?
Now what do you think of my design?皇上  我们都拿惯了刀
We are more used to carrying weapons现在拿这公事包...
Than briefcases...感觉有点怪怪的
It feels awkward.叫你们当专业人士嘛
But you are professionals now.那也不必要穿这么高跟的鞋呀
With shoes like these?这个鞋叫做步步高升鞋
These platform shoes以后这个设计在官场和商界
Will become tremendously chic...一定会大受欢迎的
In the near future.皇上
Your majesty你现在穿得倒有点像拖鞋王
Dresses a bit like a comic character.这成何体统啊?
Isn't this a bit unkempt?这个是我另外一个精心设计
This is another line of my designer series.我这身打扮  其实是为了试那个凤姐
My costumes are meant to test Phoenix.如果她知道我是皇上而喜欢我
If she knows I am the Emperor and comes after me,一点也不奇怪
It is nothing special.我现在在这里每天白吃白喝
If I am eating and drinking all the time,与世无争  她都会爱我
And gradually becomes a gentleman of leisure, she still loves me,那表示她重视我的才华
Then it means she recognizes my talent!阿高哥!
Agogo!我来了!
Coming!帮我去打半斤酱油
Go buy some soy sauce for me please.好!
Yes!你们觉得我这龙凤店
What do you think of our新女领班服装怎么样? 还行吧?
new restaurant uniform? Not bad, huh?[DraPheonix Restaurant: Phoenix Li]除了这之外还有菜单
Apart from this, we'll have a new menu.有了这个  客人点菜就方便多了
So customers can order from here much easier.你真的是...
Dear, you are fabulous!他们脚上穿的步步高升鞋启发我新的灵感
The platform shoes gave me another inspiration.设计一双深受女性爱戴的鸡骨鞋
I have come up with the innovative Chicken Bone Shoes.这双鞋的坚硬程度
Chicken Bone Shoes足足可以承受两百斤以上的肥婆!
Can even support women weighing over 200 kg.真是太有天份了!
How talented you are!快去买酱油!
Go and get the soy sauce!你们刚看到了  她留意到我的天份
You just witnessed something. She likes my talent!今天晚上我再帮你们改一个造型!
New image for you guys tonight!不会吧?
Again? No!双天至尊! 通杀!
The Ultimate! Dealer takes all!当今天下  谁敢在我面前号称是至尊?
The Ultimate? In front of me?让我教训你们!
I'll show you something!"I Win!""I Loose!"好啊!
Yeah!"I Cheat!"凤姐! 凤姐!
Phoenix!我一直以为你只是在戏班怀才不遇
I thought you were an acting talent waiting to be discovered,真没想到你跟这些市井赌徒一样沉迷赌博
I didn't know you were a cheap gambler.其实我...
Actually...好了吧! 赌已经是不好了
Gambling is bad enough.你还去赢乡民们的血汗钱!
And you take away these poor folks' money?好! 那我去还给他们!
OK! I'll return the money!凤姐! 凤姐!
Phoenix!我还给他们了  还加利息
Money returned with interest!其实我是想赢点钱  帮你修理这条金链子
Actually I wanted to make some money to repair your bracelet.谁的这只?
Whose bracelet is this?拿错了  我去换!
Wrong one! I'll exchange.我不是有心的
I didn't mean it.有车牌吗?
License number?没有
No license.没车牌你开车满街乱跑?
Running around without a license?姓名  地址  保险箱密码
Name. Address. Safe Deposit Box combination.小霸王的妹妹抢钱呀!
It's Bully the Kid's sister!你的金链子在这儿
Your bracelet is here.不过我自己加了点小小创意
I put in a bit of my touch.终于有人被我感动
My art strikes again,不过这次我不是演戏
But this time我是认真的
It is genuine.看来这次我不能再让凤姐犯错误
We must save Phoenix from her mistake!凤姐  你在哪呢?
Phoenix, where are you?在这儿
Here. 凤姐   什么事?
 Phoenix.  What's wrong?我是代表龙哥来跟你说话的
I want to talk to you, on behalf of your brother.你既然同皇上那样那样
As you are so and so inclined towards the Emperor...那如果犯错误的话  又那样那样
If you make any mistake with Mr. Ko, it'd be so and so...龙哥又那样那样
Big brother would become so and so...一个女人怎么能同时爱两个男人  那样那样
A woman can't so and so with two men...我那样那样说完了
I so and so have finished.好你个臭小子!
You lousy chap!你别以为龙哥不在  就有机可乘
Don't ever think you can do whatever you want while Big brother isn't here?我可告诉你  凤姐这次可要做皇妃了
Tell you what, Phoenix will be a Princess.皇妃?
Princess?是呀
Right.这次我们兄弟们要做大官  就全靠她了
And we would all go to the imperial City and get rich.你可别乱来!
Hold your horses!这位朋友这么多话
Good friend,请你到外边好好谈一谈
Care to step outside and have a word?好! 等我两个朋友!
Let me get my two friends first.你那两个朋友现在正在外面谈着呢
Your friends are already having a word outside.臭小子  你给我等着!
You lousy chap, you just wait.在哪?
Where?在这!
Here!救命呀!
Help!我真的不认识他们
I really don't know them.你是不是搞错了?
You got the wrong person.打!
Hit him!原来她是想做皇妃
She wants to be a princess?[Sacred Pavilion]你不是说不骗我吗  怎么又要骗我?
You said you were not going to lie to me again?我又没骗你
I didn't lie.那你敢不敢把手放进炉里?
Then put your hand in the fire.如果你对哥哥真情真意的话
If your heart is pure,你的手就不会烫伤的
You wouldn't be hurt.你敢吗?
Do you dare?我敢!
Yes!伸呀
Do it then.不要哭  不要哭了
Don't cry! Don't!真心炉  如果我是真的喜欢高公子
Sacred Fire of Meilong...请你给我一个指示
Please tell me if I really love Mr. Ko?是不是在找烫伤药?
Need some ointment?痛啊?
Does it hurt?试了那个炉  你有什么样启示?
So, what did the fire tell you?我现在好混乱
I am confused.我想着你的时候  就烧伤我这左手
When I was thinking of you, this hand hurt.那我想着王相公时  又烧伤了我的右手
My other hand hurt when I was thinking of the Emperor.这是当然的
Of course.你心七上八下  哪里来的真心呀?
How can you feel your heart when you are confused?如果你是真心的话
If your feeling is strong and truthful,根本就不用试那个炉了
Then you don't need this test.如果你去试那个炉
If you need to test yourself,就代表你根本不够真心嘛
It means your love is not absolute.那我应该怎么办?
What should I do?全心全意  至真至诚
Be prepared to give all your heart.记不记得我跟你说过什么?
Remember what I had told you before?我心中有你  你心中有我
You and me, each other in our hearts:天地之大小于尘埃
The universe is no larger than a speck of dust.我们两个内心世界里
Between us,再也容纳不下其他的任何事物了
We have no space for anything else.亲爱的
My dear,让我带你共创我们爱的世界
I shall lead you to our world of love.你不做皇妃了?
You don't want to be the princess anymore?不要了
No.我要找一个像我哥一样的男人  四海为家
I will go for a man who like my brother is a wanderer.我不要去做宫中的金丝雀
I don't want to be locked up in a palace.好一个笼中鸟  金丝雀
Talk about locked up like a bird in a cage.朕要找的也是一个能够
Being the Emperor, I also want to look for与我四海为家的女人
someone who can wander around with me.你又在演戏呀?
No more acting!这件事我一定要跟我哥讲
I must tell brother about this.这是什么?
What is this?不知道  刚地上捡的
No idea. I found it on the ground.要不要来一口?
Want to try?说真的
Really,你有没有一个跟你长得差不多的亲戚?
do you have a sibling like you?你不是说我是天下无双吗?
I thought I am unique?我说差不多的
I mean, somehow alike.我哥呀  跟你妹挺合适的
My elder brother, he'll be good for your sis.为什么?
How come?他也特喜欢帮人擦背
He likes to rub backs.想不到堂堂一个天子也有这种嗜好
The Emperor is into that?想不到吧?
Unbelievable, ha?你见了他就知道了
Wait till you meet him.吃饭啦
Let's eat.是不是地震?
An earthquake?杀气!
The smell of blood!我觉得有一阵阵杀气逼近我们
A horrible force is closing in on us.还想什么?
What else are you thinking?你妹妹会明白的
Your sis will understand.干嘛?
What?糟啦  我感觉到杀气了
Damn. I can feel something horrible is coming.哥!
Brother!哥  他们两个在里面会有事吗?
Brother, do you think they'll be alright in there?当然没事
Of course.打死不离亲骨肉  好像我们这样
They are siblings after all, like us.没事的
They'd be fine.真的吗?
You sure?真的
Sure.你身为一国之君  言而无信
You, leader of a country, did not keep a promise.对你母后的安排  阳奉阴违
Disobeyed your mother...教唆皇妹做一些违经逆典的行为
Solicited your royal sister to go astray...加上私访江南  置天下子民不顾
Neglected your duties and went to Jiangnan.这种不忠  不孝  不仁  不义的行为
Being so disloyal and unfaithful,怎么对得起列祖列宗?
How could you face your royal ancestors...怎么面对百姓?
And your country...你现在还想跟这个不三不四
And you dare to wish闲花野草的女子私订终身?
To marry this common woman!母后  她...
Queen Mother, she...还说!
Shut up!你敢?
Dare you?我要娶她!
I shall marry her!原来他才是皇上
So he is the Emperor?哥  你说我可以和他在一起吗?
Do you think I can get marry with him?当然行! 你不记得爹说过?
Definitely! You remember what dad told us?说你的相长得好  大富大贵命
Your fate is to marry someone rich...不嫁给有钱人  也会嫁达官贵人
Or some sort of nobleman.哥  其实我并不想当皇妃
Brother, I don't really want to be a princess.我只要能跟他在一起就可以了
I just want to be with him.你们两个跟我进去吧
Now you two follow me.今晚  我感受到一份真挚的爱情
Tonight I witnessed a true love令我皇儿勇往直前
That empowered my son.他终于长大成人
He has grown up.因此我  准许你入宫
I grant your marriage.我早说你行的!
I told you!下来! 下来!
Sweetie, come down!至于你  我查过
As for you,你的品德很差!
Your record shows a despicable character.太后! 无凭无据你可别听人乱说!
Your Highness! Please don't believe hearsay!你自小无心向学
You were lazy at school,十四岁就联群结党出来做小混混
Joined the street gang at 14...在村子里称王称霸
And became the bully of the village.两年前  你离开梅龙镇
Two years ago, you left Meilong说是闯荡江湖  其实无所事事
To wander the world. But you did nothing.你脾气暴躁  态度恶劣
You have bad temper and behave badly.粗心大意  目不识丁
You are careless and uneducated.所以你将来肯定是一事无成
So you must be a goodfornothing.所以  以你这样的人品
So...我不能将公主嫁给你
I cannot grant you the Princess's hand.母后  他以前不好
Queen Mother, he might be bad不代表以后也不好
But people can change for the better.以后的事你不知道  我也不知道
We cannot foretell the future,倒不如让老天来决定
I shall leave this to destiny.这一双是先王留下来的天下无双
Here, these are the Unique Destiny Rings left缘定今生的龙凤配指环
By the late Emperor.真的有啊!
They really exist!这对指环是先王留给我
The late emperor left them for me,用来替你挑选驸马的
To help you select your husband.如果他是你注定的丈夫
If he is your destiny,戴上后就不会掉下来
The ring will fit perfectly and will not fall out,代表你们永不分离
It is a symbol you will never part.你敢不敢试?
Will you take the test?敢!
I will!好!
Good!如果它掉下来
If the ring falls out,你答应我  以后永远都不能见他!
You promise never to see him again!戴上它吧
Wear it.这辈子我们都不会分开了
We will never part again.看到了  他不是你缘定的夫君
See. He is not your destiny!他根本就配不起你!
This worthless man doesn't deserve you.你是敷不上墙的烂泥
You're worthless.你根本配不上!
You don't deserve her!哥!
Brother!我不能照顾你一辈子
I can no longer live with you any more以后你要靠自己了
You'll have to take care of yourself from now on.我一向是以四海为家
As I must take my leave and continue my wandering life.我知道你今天很开心  我感应得到
I am happy for you, I know you are.哥哥没事了  你不信?
Believe me, I am fine.别走啊!
Don't go!拦住长公主!
Stop the Princess!别走啊!
Don't go!哥!
Brother!为什么这样对我哥哥?
Why do you do this to him?上次是咱们俩一起走的
Last time it was the two of us,这次有了皇嫂这个生力军
Now that you have joined...我们兵分三路  太后一定没辙
The three of us would be invincible.我们到梅龙镇再会合
We'll meet up in Meilong.你干嘛要去梅龙镇?
Why Meilong?这样你才可以在那认识嫂子
So that you can get to know her...嫂子也才可以在那等你认识她
And she'd be waiting there for you to get to know her.咱们在后花园集合出发
Let's pack and go.别抓我回去  行不行?
Wouldn't you let me go?这次我们要变一下  咱们清一色娘子军
New tactics this time. Just women this time.我跟你走!
We leave together!我干嘛要走?
Why should I leave with you?你不是跟长公主说你挂念我吗?
You told the princess you missed me.所以我就来救你
I am here to save you.你是谁呀?
But who are you?我是你哥呀!
I am your brother!妹妹! 你没事吧?
Sis, are you alright?来人! 拿药来!
Get the medicine!你们是不是抓我抓上瘾啦?
Are you people addicted to catching me or what?好! 这次我跟你走!
Great, this time I leave with you.你疯了! 要我跟你出走?
Are you nuts, wanting me run away with you?根据野史记载  那年冬天
As the gossip went, when winter arrived...无双长公主每日都在城楼徘徊
Princess Wushuang became totally lost in herself.有时自言自语  有时欢喜若狂
She had cut herself off.她不断对人说  会有一个人来接她
She kept telling people someone was on his way for her.当时群医束手无策
Medication did not help.有人说她是因为忧国忧民
Some said the country's burden...所以举止失常
Has gotten her.也有人说  她其实是感情受创
Others said she was stricken down相思成狂
By love.皇太后
Your Majesty,我们是代表哲别王子送聘礼来的
Our prince would like to propose marriage.母后
Queen Mother,我哥跟长公主是真诚相爱
My brother and the Princess are truly in love.龙凤配指环之事只不过是一个借口罢了
The ring was merely your excuse, wasn't it?母后  你何苦要拆散他们呢?
Queen Mother, why separate them?住口!
Enough!我宁愿她嫁出去  做一个疯皇妃
I would rather have a crazy Princess married away,也不要留一个傻公主在我身边
Than have a silly one by my side.我能跟你喝酒当然高兴!
I am so glad we're drinking again!那你这样说就不对了
Now you're wrong to say that.老是在搅和
Don't say something else话又说回来呀  王相公
As we are on this topic...其实  真是你不对呀
Actually, it was your fault.上次你一声不响就走了
Leaving without a word.不是想着你
Not that I miss you.不过多个人喝酒  好玩而已
But a company is good.你上次不辞而别  真是不太够意思
It was just too much, leaving like that.不是吧?
Hell, you don't mean it!不是吧? 你掉进茅房里?
You fell down the toilet?干杯!
Cheers!我已经和我丈夫分开了
I broke up with my husband.是不是搬回来住?
Coming back for good?不是  我是路过这儿
No, I am on my way我打算去我姨妈家
To my aunt's village.这里有些银子
Take the money.你拿去路上用吧
You'll need it for your trip.你是不是又认识了一个女孩?
Have you met someone?这条手链本来就要送给你的
Take the bracelet too, I meant to give it to you.拿去吧
Take it.是我爹说你配不起我
It was my father said you didn't deserve me.我没有说过你配不起我
I never said that.今天你才给我这链子
Why do you give me this bracelet today,为什么以前不给?
But not in the past?龙哥!
Good brother.紫霞!
Zi Xia!紫霞说得对
Zi Xia was right.你每次都是怕人家嫌弃你
Every time you broke up because you were afraid of being abandoned.你就放弃这段感情
You gave up the love with Zi Xia,好像你和长公主的事一样
Just like what you did with the Princess.你这三八! 一回来就唠唠叨叨
You busy body, as soon as you return, you keep on nagging...我和长公主的事关你屁事?
Whatever between me and the Princess, is none of your business.你的事当然不关我的事
I don't care about your business.但长公主的事就关我的事!
But the Princess's business is
my business!她八岁那年曾经救过一只下凡受伤的玉兔
At age eight, she saved a Divine Rabbit from death.这只玉兔在她悉心照顾之下回复健康
Under her care, the Divine Rabbit recovered.这只玉兔为了报答她
From then on,就暗中处处保护她
The Rabbit saw to the Princess's well being.让她事事化险为夷
Righting all wrongs for her.那你说长公主的事不关我的事?
And you tell me to mind my own business?扯什么蛋?
Bullshit!假掰也好  真掰也好
Believe it or not,刚才紫霞还没点醒你?
Just take heed.你是要娶长公主  又不是娶她老妈
You want to marry the Princess, who cares about the Queen Mother.长公主也没说你配不上她
Did the Princess ever say that you don't deserve her?我知道你在想什么
I know what you're thinking:你想就算长公主不嫌弃你
Even if the Princess doesn't mind,你戴不上那只戒指
The ring didn't fit you,也不能算真命天子是吗?
so you're not her true love!想戴上这个戒指你就要记住
If you want the ring to fit, remember this:天高地大  知心只有一个
For your one and only love,爱一个人就要把自己豁出去
You must forget yourself.全心全意达到无我境界
Without worrying about your own being, nothing can stop you.长公主过两天出嫁
The Princess is getting married in two days.给一个机会自己吧
Please give yourself a chance.龙哥
Good brother. 什么事? 龙哥   干嘛?
 What's the matter?  What's it?我不在这两年
While I was away these past two years,情比金坚这小子是谁收的?
Who took this guy named Amour Amour in?他不是你找的兄弟吗?
Wasn't he one of your friends?他比你早一天来过这儿  他说是你兄弟
He showed up a day before your return and claimed to be your friend.他究竟是什么人呢?
Who on earth is he?情比金坚这个人到底是谁呢?
Who on earth is Amour Amour?有人说他是市井流氓
Some say he is a tramp.也有人说他是江湖术士
Others say he is a magician.更有一种说法  说他是手牵红线
Another saying goes...掌管天下姻缘的月老仙子
Amour Amour is the goddess who match lovers together.这么多年来  每次有什么挫折
So far, I have taken care我都会安慰自己
Of all my weariness in a breath.一个深呼吸就算了
But the breath method但是这次  我知道是不行的
Has failed me this time.因为我已经试了好多次
No matter how hard I tried.我一直相信  人与人之间是有心灵感应
Before, I used to be able to detect my sis' vibes.以前是跟我妹  现在是跟另外一个人
Now, it is someone else.我感受到她很需要我
She is screaming for me inside.所以我决定离开
I left Meilong.大胆李一龙!
Li Yilong!竟敢冒犯无双长公主?
You dare to offend Princess Wushuang?我不是来冒犯长公主的
I don't mean to offend her.我只是想跟她讲几句话
I just want to say a few words to her.前晚我碰到一个十几年前的旧朋友
A couple of nights ago, I met an old friend,她点醒了我
And she enlightened me.我不应该因为其他人对我的看法
I shouldn't care other opinions on me,而去伤害一个我心爱的人
And hurt my beloved.我应该学你皇兄那样
I should learn from your brother,就算熊熊烈火都不会退缩
Be brave and face challenges.今天  我要送这条链子给我的妻子
Today, I want to offer this bracelet to my wife.希望她会原谅我
I hope she would forgive me,我们永远都不分开
And we can be together forever.李一龙  长公主已经走了
Li Yilong, the Princess has already gone.是皇上叫我放了她的
The Emperor told me to release her.刚才我一直犹豫不敢这么做
Just now, I was hesitant to let her go.因为我怕太后知道会砍我的头
I was afraid that her Highness would chop my head off.但是我看她一直哭
But the Princess cried all the time,越哭越像你的样子
Looking more and more like you.我实在不忍心就把她放了
I couldn't stand it any longer and let her go.以后你要好好的对她
From now on, you take good care of her.很多时候  爱一个人爱得太深
Often, if one loves too deeply,人会醉
It is intoxicating.而恨的太久  心也容易碎
If one hates too deeply, the heart is easily broken.世间最痛苦的事莫过于等待
The most painful experience in life, however, is waiting.我不知道她等了我多久
I didn't know how long she waited.我一直以为我不会有机会再见到她
I thought all along I would never see her again.突然间  我不知道怎么开口
Suddenly, I didn't know how to speak.不知道怎么讲那句话
I couldn't figure out how to say...告诉她  我真的很爱她
To tell her I really love her.你没看见我在跟王相公说话吗?
Can't you see I am chatting with her?滚开!
Get off!你放松点吧  你记住
Relax. Remember,你只不过是俗世中的一粒微尘
You're just a speck of dust.天地这么大  一个深呼吸
A deep breath...就什么烦恼都没了
Will take all your unhappiness away.我是不会放弃的
I would never give up.因为你在我心目中
Because deep in my heart,永远都是天下无双
You will forever be the only one.我从来都没想过
I never thought,当我再见到她的时候
When I saw her again,她已经变成另外一个人
She'd have become another person.她一直重复我的话
She just kept repeating my words...她以为她自己是我
She thought she was me.原来爱一个人爱得太深
It's true that if one loves too deeply,真的就醉了
It is intoxicating.说着说着  我变成另外一个人
As it happened, I too became another person.一个女人
A woman.你记不记得
Do you remember你曾经在这里交了枝桃花给我?
You gave me a plum blossom branch here?你说春暖花开
You said when spring comes桃花还要面向阳光
The blossom branch should face the sun?没错  我还说过
Yes. I also said如果你是一个女人
If you were a woman,我一定会娶你为妻
I'd marry you.我老实告诉你
To tell you the truth,我是一个女人!
I am a woman!我们有过肌肤之亲  桃花为盟
We shared a bed and we have a token...你一定要娶我为妻!
You must take me as your wife!我是答应过你
Indeed I promised...不过我配不上你
But I don't deserve you.因为我戴不上
Because...这对天下无双  缘定今生龙凤配指环
The Unique Destiny Rings fell off my finger.傻瓜!
Silly!戴龙凤指环最要紧是达到无我境界
For the ring to fit, you must forget yourself.只要你记住
Just think of me我永远都是你的天下无双就行了
As your sole destiny.试试吧!
Try it!戴上它  我们一辈子都不分开
Wear it and we'll never be apart!是不是? 我早就说可以了!
You see? I said it would work!原来尘世间有很多烦恼是很容易解决的
So many earthly worries are easily solved.有些事只要你肯反过来看
When you are willing to see certain things differently,你会有另外一番光景
You get another perspective.我终于明白 “镜花水月”是什么意思
I eventually understood, what "Mirage" meant.其实情之所至
When it comes to true love,应该你中有我  我中有你
Two people blend into each other.谁是男  谁是女
Who cares who's the man又有什么关系呢?
And who's the woman?两个人在一起开心不就行了
As long as we are happy together, that's fine.今天她是小霸王
Today she is Bully the Kid,可能明天又轮到我了
Maybe it will be my turn tomorrow.桃花开了! 桃花开了!
The peach blossoms are blooming! They're blooming!皇妹说得对  春暖花开
The Princess was right. The time has come for the flowers to bloom.我想她一定找到自己喜欢的人了
I guess she must have found her true love!笑就笑吧  别装蒜了
Laugh all you can, don't play dumb.来啦  乖
Come, my love!是不是很温馨?
Isn't this wonderful?The EndVotre Altesse !Les enfants royaux projettent encore de s'enfuir ! Arretezles !  Oui, Votre Altesse !On se faufilera separement...pour eviter les soupçons.On se reverra a la ville de Meilong.On va s'en aller en plein jour ?Bien sûr !Votre Majeste ! Si vous nous quittez,le palais se retrouvera sans dirigeant.Bien sûr que non.La Reine Mere est tres futee, elle prend soin de tout, tout le temps.Laissonsla prendre toutes les decisions.Maintenant partez !Pour moi, ces bons a rien ne valent pas plus que des seaux de riz.La cervelle de l'empereur est une vraie boulette de riz.Imbeciles !Laissezmoi !Idiots !Comment avezvous pu laisser la princesse s'enfuir ?C'est de notre faute !Bande d'incapables !Vous avez arrete l'empereur,
mais vous avez perdu de vue la princesse.L'empereur aurait pu perdre son temps dehors.Mais la princesse... S'il lui arrivait quelque chose ?Qu'arriveraitil a la reputation de la dynastie Ming ?Comment atelle reussi a s'en aller ?Notre departement n'est pas responsable.Selon des archives historiques officieuses,la princesse a utilise des techniques secretes,sautant par dessus le palais.Mais selon des documents secrets,DOCUMENT SECRET n°2046...Laissezmoi voir...La princesse Wushuang a utilise une technique speciale...qui la rendit celebre.Son arme secrete etait sa tete !Rumeurs a part,selon des temoins...ce jourla, la princesse s'est baladee tranquillement...hors du palais.Fin de notre rapport special.Idiots !Elle est partie sous votre nez !Les gens peuvent se balader et entrer dans le palais ?Trouvezla !Oui !Vous ne pouvez marcher vaillamment...Comment pouvezvous etre empereur ?Depuis la mort du dernier empereur,la fleur de pecher n'a pas fleuri.Son ame doit s'inquieter de l'avenir de ses enfants.Oups !Voleur ! Bouge pas !Attends un peu,Je vais t'attraper !On m'appelle Tyran le Kid.N'importe qui peut etre tyran...s'il n'a rien d'autre a faire.Il y a 2 ans, j'ai decide de me laisser aller.Pour le devenir, j'ai voyage.Pour parler franc, je suis devenu clodo.Aujourd'hui, une connaissance m'a invite...a combattre.J'ai accepte tout de suite...parce que je m'ennuie trop.He ! Je vois que tu as un nouveau visage.Je suis trop beau.J'espere avoir l'air mechant comme ça...Alors l'ennemi saura tout de suite que je suis invincible.Avec une enflure au front ?Non ! L'enflure vient de mon regime de pommes de terre epicees.Frere, afin de proteger notre domaine,nous devons gagner cette bataille !Allez !Chargez !"Freres, chargez !"Officier, nous sommes presses !Silence !Des clowns comme vous osent se battre en public.Officier, on est des amis.On ne se battait pas.Vous ignorez que la loi interdit...tout rassemblement de plus de 3 personnes.La possession d'une arme de plus de 1kg est un crime.Officier, ce couteau sert a la pedicure, il pese 0,8 kg.0,8 kg ?Voyons ça.0,8 kg, hein ?Vous faites moins de 1,8 m, comment pouvezvous peser plus de 300 kg ?Fouillezle !Que faitesvous avec un pipa ?Ma vie peut etre dangereuse parfois.Avec un pipa je peux chanter...pour me relaxer.Foutaise !Je pourrais vous accuser d'exces de vitesse.Exces de vitesse ? Quand ?Ici !Comme l'indique notre detecteur ultraperfectionne...vous avez ete flashe...a plus de 120 km/h.La machine marche aussi vite ?Vous osez sousestimer la machine ?Donnezmoi ça !Le prodige de cette machine ultraperfectionnee...est qu'elle cache un technicien super rapide.Maintenant vous savez !Le meilleur est a venir.Celleci vous montre en train de vous curer le nez pendant que vous galopiez.Celleci vous montre vous grattant le cul...en attendant l'ennemi.Pendant votre bain.Mais c'est une femme !Oups.Petite erreur.C'est un souvenir de Mlle Printemps au Bordel de Fleur de Printemps.De toute façon, tu es fini. Li Yilong !He, vous m'avez reconnu sous ce maquillage ?Bien sûr !Tu es le fils du Chef d'Or de Meilong.Comment pouvezvous savoir ça ?Pourquoi ne pourraisje pas ?Bouge pas !Bebe, tu cassais les fenetres des gens et...Tu as empire en grandissant, en battant les villageois.Tu es meprisable !Mais qui etesvous ?Qui t'a appris a te deguiser ?Directeur Chan ?Tu ne me reconnais pas sans moustache ?Tous mes efforts sur toi ont donc ete vains.Te repenstu ?Oui.Et ?Punition de 50 coups.50 coups c'est la normale.Mais 30 de plus pour ton maquillage pouilleux !Puis, je me rappelais ce que Chan disait :Car un enfant prodige est toujours...comme une feuille d'automne...sa racine est son dernier foyer.Les feuilles tombentelles a la maison en ce moment ?Les gens pensentils a moi ?Malgre la vigueur des coups de Chan,je savais qu'il avait le cœur brise.Il a dit qu'il ne me verrait plus jamais,je sais qu'il veut me mettre sur la voie.Je ne vous oublierai jamais ! Directeur Chan !Restaurant Robe du PhœnixQu'y atil, Phœnix ?L'odeur du sang.Je sens une force intense venir.Tyran le Kid est revenu !Tu crois pas que...Mon frere a dit...qu'il s'est fait battre severement par une garce ici l'an passe.Je pensais qu'elle etait quelque chose.
Maintenant je vois que c'etait du hasard.Et qui estce ?Je suis "L'Incomparable Mille Mains"...Zuo LengchanJe suis venu venger mon frere de sang.Mille Mains l'Incomparable ! Fais voir !  Incomparable ?Selon les memoires de Zuo Lengchan...cela s'est passe ainsi.Ils m'ont frappe comme...Desole !Ils m'ont frappe comme...En fait, c'est pas vraiment ce qu'il s'est passe.C'etait des "Ultimate Street Fighters".Ils m'ont joue les tours les plus cruels !J'ai ete blesse par une chaise pliante.La blessure continue de saigner parfois.Arretez... Arretez !Vous avez gagne ! Je renonce !C'est bon ?Comment des nouilles faites avec amour pourraient ne pas etre savoureuses ?Non !Ça n'egale pas les nouilles de mere.Deux ans, et tu n'as pas progresse.Prends exemple sur moi !Regarde.Mere a laisse ce braceletpour ta future fiancee.Tu as oublie ?Tu me sermonnes ? Et toi alors ?Tu as mieux reussi ?Tu crois que je ne veux pas ?Le village entier sait que je suis ta sœur.Qui oserait vouloir de moi ?S'il te plaît, ne m'engueule pas !Tu agis trop comme un homme pour qu'un homme t'aime !Moi, comme un homme ?Comment ça ?Excusezmoi, monsieur...Y atil une auberge dans le coin ?Va au diable !Excusezmoi.Ne dis pas que c'est moi qui fais que les villageois te fuient.Pour le prouver,je vais aller les voir.Mon frere.Une invitation a votre banquet de noce ?Au nom du village, je vous remets cette lettre.La lettre le dit clairement.Nous voulons que vous restiez a l'ecart.Desormais, nous voulons ne rien avoir a faire avec vous.Vous etes cingles ?Vous ne pouvez pas etre prevenants ?Si la lettre dit deja tout,pourquoi la lisezvous tout haut ?Va au diable !Mon frere !Porc Noir !J'ai des amis ici.Ça fait longtemps. Et qui c'est ?Oui, quelques amis bizarres.Et avec des noms d'animaux.Mon frere !Il a un vrai nom.Vite, dis a Phœnix ton nom !Amour Amour !Pas ton surnom, ton vrai nom.RoManTique !Je comprends pourquoi ma sœur s'habille comme un homme.Quand une femme attend desesperement son homme...pendant longtemps...elle s'habille comme lui avant de le rencontrer.Je peux lire dans ses pensees...parce qu'un fort sentiment nous connecte depuis l'enfance.Je sais a quoi elle pense en ce moment.Genial ! Tu lis dans mes pensees aussi !Vraiment ? Oui ?Va vite ta laver la figure !Je vais te trouver un epoux !Moi, Tyran le Kid, je vous ai rassembles, parce que...Je sais que vous ne pensez pas trop a moi.Moi non plus.Mais n'ayez rien contre ma sœur a cause de moi.Je vous demande...d'aider ma sœur a trouver un homme qui l'aime vraiment.Si un homme peut survivre...au Feu Sacre de Meilong,qu'il soit roi ou indigent,s'il met sa main en restant indemne,alors c'est un vrai heros avec un vrai cœur.Qui peut epouser ma sœur.Quant a moi...je quitterai Meilongpour ne jamais revenir !Quelqu'un veut essayer ?Nous !Tant de volontaires ?Aucun d'entre vous n'aime vraiment ma sœur.Vous voulez juste vous debarrasser de moi !Ça vous apprendra !Bien ! Si ma sœur ne peut trouver un mari,je ne quitterai pas Meilong.Ainsi !Mon frere me rappelleles paroles du Roi Singe dans "L'Odyssee chinoise"..."Il y avait un bol chaud de nouilles au porc rôti devant moi,""mais je n'ai pas su l'apprecier,""et je n'ai pas mange jusqu'a ce que ce soit devenu froid.""Rien au monde ne fait davantage souffrir !"Quel est le rapport avec ton frere ?Rien !Mais ça m'a emue !Les amis,pour avoir soutenu notre restaurant pendant tant d'annees...nous offrons une remise de 20% aujourd'hui...et les specialites telles que nos brioches maisons,et les menus aux saucisses frites.Et des cadeauxsurprises pour les trois premiers clients.Une offre a ne pas manquer !Horribles creatures !Je remercie mes clients, je ne vous demande pas de faire des dons !Mon frere, j'ai deja mange.Et pour ton prochain repas, et celui d'apres ?Viens !Ma sœur, quelqu'un s'est evanoui !On joue le mort maintenant ?Phœnix. Ton frere fait tout ça pour toi.Personne ne vient, que peutil faire d'autre ?Il est pire que du pesticide, a rester ici comme ça.Meme une mouche ne rentre pas.Regardezmoi faire !Tyran le Kid est ici !Mon frere, epargnemoi !Quoi ? Je te fais faire des affaires.Oui, mais tous mes clients t'en ont fait faire.C'est ça les affaires, ça va et ça vient.Avec toi ici, ça ne fait que partir.C'est bloque des deux côtes...Et un idiot devant !Pourquoi mon cœur batil si vite ?Estce ma sœur ?Elle est attiree par ce monsieur.Pas etonnant que mon pouls s'accelere.Ainsi soitil ! Mettonsles ensemble.Serveur, vite !Frere, bien evite !Assiedstoi et bois un coup !a une distance de 7,08 m...et en 1/4 de seconde, j'ai pris une decision.Ce monsieur etait athletique, et plutôt bel homme...j'ai decide de le presenter a ma sœur.a une distance de 3,08 m...et en 1/4 de seconde...j'ai pris une decision qui bouleversa ma vie.J'etais fauchee,et il m'offrait un festin.J'ai decide de manger le maximum.Je n'avais aucune idee de...la distance...ni du temps...Mais je devais trouver un moyen de me debarrasser d'eux.Ce monsieur se demarque des autres.Mon frere n'a jamais traite quelqu'un aussi bien.Depuis ce jour...ils ont bu et parle, comme tous les jours.Mon frere a l'air attire par lui, et moi aussi.Tu as faim, hein ? Essaye le poulet.Meilong est celebre pour son poulet.Apportemoi du vin !Un verre avec un bon frere,un ami par un beau temps.En ce temps et lieu on s'est rencontres,d'un toast on a besoin.Je cheris notre rencontre,une chaleureuse et merveilleuse chanceentre nous, il y a la chaleur,cette nuit est une fete.Nous pouvons etre freres,notre joie ne connaît de limite.Pour nous le monde existe,peu importe ou menent nos voies.Je cheris notre nuit,que demain soit un autre combat.De ce vin nous nous rassasionspeu importe son cœur saignera.Quel est le rapport avec moi ?Dragon pour Phœnix,c'est une matrice compliquee.Maintenant qu'on se connaît,notre futur doit etre repeint.Mon frere regarde,un soleil a besoin d'une lune pour faire un tout.Le bon vin doit etre cheri.Mais le temps a aussi disparu.Mon frere,la nourriture et la vie ici, c'est genial, mais...je dois partir.Oui.Toutes les fetes ont une fin.Je ne peux tenir plus longtemps de toute façon.D'abord, je croyaisqu'on allait acheter a tour de rôle...Finalement, j'ai paye a chaque fois.Pas que ça m'importe...Je dis ce que je ressens.Tu dois etre en difficulte financiere.Tiens, prends ceci.Selon les memoires de la princesse Wushuang...Amour a la Tyran le Kid...Cette nuit, dans les bras de Tyran le Kid...elle a eprouve un moment inoubliable...Pour la premiere fois de sa vie, elle a senti son pouls.Toutefois, Tyran le Kid s'est rappele de cette nuit...plutôt differemment.Prends soin de toi !Toutefois, selon l'aubergiste...qui a offert un autre point de vue dans ses memoiresMes Trente Ans de Combat sans relache avec Tyran le KidVoici ce qu'il s'est vraiment passe...Impossible de dire qui tenait qui...les emotions etaient chargees.Ils faisaient leurs adieux continuellement,il y avait tant d'etreintes.Sans fin en vue.Faisons nos adieux ici.Adieux !Faisons nos adieux ici.Ça fait un mois qu'on fait nos adieux.Tu seras bientôt chez toi.Partons maintenant !Prends soin de toi !Frere, a trois autour d'un dîner...c'est plus amusant qu'a deux.Sœur, ne sois pas contrariee.Je sais qu'il te manque. J'ai une solution.Une solution ?J'ai appris ça...pendant mes jours sauvages."Concentration"Quand quelque chose te manque, quelqu'un...tu te concentres sur un pointet cette personne apparaît.Tu fixes le meme point depuis longtemps. Tu n'es pas fatigue ?Si ! Mon corps est tout engourdi.Je ne peux plus fermer les yeux. Appelle un docteur !Va ! Tu arrives tôt.  Oui.Assiedstoi. Tu veux des nouilles ?Tu reviens nous rendre visite ?Oui.Fais comme chez toi.Maintenant qu'on se connaît,notre futur doit etre repeint.Mon frere regarde,un soleil a besoin d'une lune pour faire un tout.Le bon vin doit etre cheri,mais le temps a aussi disparu.Frere, regarde.Regarde.Le soleil et la lune sont ensemble.Ensemble.Du jour a la nuit se suivent etroitement.Se suivent etroitement.Rayonnent comme nous."Amour Amour" ! C'est quoi ce nom ?On ne boit plus !Ce gosse a le meme nom que l'empereur Zheng De !Je m'incline devant Votre Majeste !Debout !Petit con, attention !Petit frere, tu es en age de te marier.Pourquoi tu es encore celibataire ?Je n'ai pas trouve mon mari destine.Ton mari ?Tu crois etre une femme ?Je suis une femme.Wow, ça fait de ma sœur un homme.Oui, ils m'appellent tous "monsieur".Je vous montre, attendez moi.J'ai l'air d'un homme ?Oui !a mon tour.J'ai l'air d'une femme ?Wow !a mon tour.Executons les Poings de la Grue Tigre ensembleFrere, tu es genial en femme.C'est fini !Je suis de la royaute, et j'ai partage le lit avec lui...Comment je vais expliquer ça a la Reine Mere ?C'est un paysan, et je suis une princesse.La Reine Mere n'approuvera jamais !Un travesti !Oublie de me changer.Brossetoi.Ton frere est un peu fou.Il n'etait pas comme ça avant.Apres avoir ete abandonne par une fille riche,il a beaucoup change.La fille richen'etait pas riche au depart.Elle vivait avec son grandpere en dehors du village.Elle s'est casse la jambe une annee.Mon frere la portait chez le docteur tous les jours, plusieurs kilometres.Il lui faisait la cuisine, la faisait rentrer, et puis...Un jour son pere est devenu riche,et lui a dit qu'elle etait trop bien pour lui.Ça s'est termine comme ça.Mon frere a eu le cœur brise et est parti.Je sais que mon frere veut quitter ce malheureux endroit,il espere un jour la rencontrer.Juste pour la voir, et il serait satisfait.Tu fais quoi ?Te frotter le dos apres le visage !Tu veux que je te lave les pieds ?Tu me rappelles mon pere...avec cette moustache de mousse.Ma mere frottait le dos a mon pere aussi.He, sortons !L'eau de cette bassine...provient de la Caverne du Destin de Tianshan.Elle reflete la destinee des gens.Ça reflete aussi les ulceres et autres maladies ?Avec ta moustache,tu croyais que je n'allais pas te reconnaître, Amour Amour ?Mon frere, je fais ça a temps partiel.Je ne peux pas survivre en etant clodo a plein temps.Mais cette bassine d'eaupeut vraiment predire votre avenir.Vraiment ?Voyons notre destin.Allez.Vous avez une bonne voie comme sœurs.Tres bien. Tu dis quoi ?Faisons ensemble.Vous serez mari et femme.Sœur !Je me vengerai plus tard.Sœur !Quel comique !Comment deux hommes peuventils se marier ?Juste maintenant quand vous etiez la...reconnaissezvous la vibration intense de l'eau,et le tremblement de l'ombre,c'est le syndrome classique du "Mirage".a la fois vrai et trompeur.Vous etes destine a etre avec le Li Yilong
qui existe dans la reflexion de l'eau,mais pas avec celui du present.Sinon, vous ne fructifieriez pas.De quoi parlezvous ?Quand vous aurez l'Unique...Anneau du Destin,le "Mirage" se materialiseraen amour veritable.Rappelezvous, votre destin...fleurit sous un arbre de fleur de pecher.Rappelezvous. Fleur de pecher !Ne vous moquez pas de moi !Je n'oserais pas, Princesse.L'empereur Zheng De a fini sa journee.Vous m'avez presque fait marcher.Princesse ?Comment saitil que je suis une femme ?Quel dingue.Monsieur...Des gens me suivent, aidezmoi.Aucun probleme, Princesse !Qui etesvous ?Votre serviteur royal Fay...ancienne tete des troupes du palais,sous le commandement de la Reine Mere,nous devons operer en deguisement pour trouver la princesse.La Reine Mere a ordonne...de garder cette operation secrete, alors...Arretez !Arretez de me suivre !Ne me suivez pas !Tu oses bousculer le fils du magistrat.Qu'estce que tu regardes ?Je te parle !Doisje t'arreter ?Ne nous exposons pas.Nous pouvons aussi nous faire arreter, afin de la proteger.Frere, ils l'ont attrape.Ils vont le rouer de coups ?Non.Un groupe d'etrangers semble l'aider.Je sens quelque chose de louche.Oui.Suismoi.Nous sommes tous des gardes imperiaux.Nous vous protegeons.La ferme !Qui m'a mordu l'oreille ?Personne n'avoue ?Vous verrez quand papa va revenir.Papa !Bande de brutes !Comment osezvous me frapper ?Pourquoi pas ?Nous sommes des experts en la matiere.Qui est votre chef ?Les Chu.Le gros Chu de Shandong ?Encore !J'ai dit quelque chose de mal ?Le magistrat a decideque ce n'est pas un cas criminel.Mais juste un cas civil.Nous ne prenons pas les cas civils.Liberez tout le monde !Mais qui etesvous pour commander ?Ce monsieur semble avoir son opinion...Voulezvous entrer discuter ?Pourquoi auraisje peur ?Jack ! Joe ! John ! Jim ! Jay ! Josh !Suivezmoi, tous !Que se passetil ?Partons !La ferme ! Ne me suivez pas !Votre...La ferme !Votre...La ferme !N'eveillez pas l'attention du public.Les gardes aideront secretement la princesse a s'en aller.On se revoit dans 3 Km.Oui.Mais qui estu ?Je dois partir.Partir ?Et ma sœur ? Tu l'abandonnes apres l'intimite ?Je crains que c'est plutôt moi qui suis abandonne.Yilong, ecoute.Rappelletoi de ce que je te dis aujourd'hui.Parle.On est devenu intime depuis cette nuit ou on s'est soûles.C'est indeniable.Et un homme doit supporter cette responsabilite.Bien sûr.Un mari doit faire comme lui dit sa femme...Il doit prendre soin d'elle, bien la traiter,faire attention a ce qu'elle veut.C'est pas le boulot de la femme ?Taistoi et ecoutele !Une femme a besoin d'etre aimee.Elle est un peu gatee.Un peu indisciplinee parfois, et tu dois assurer ses besoins.Je suis pas comme ça !La ferme et laissemoi finir !Si tu peux faire ça,tu peux etre un bon mari. Tu comprends ?Pourquoi me dire ça ? Disle a toimeme !Je reviendrai pour toi.Moi ? Tu devrais revenir pour elle !Ça va ?Excusemoi, tu ne serres pas la mauvaise personne ?Tu dois aller de l'avant.Mais il m'a ignoree.Je ne parle pas a toi.Je dois vraiment partir.Tu dois revenir.Tu cuisines si bien. Je reviendrai, c'est sûr.Ça va ?Je croyais que dans ses bras,je serais tout excitee.Mais en fait je n'ai rien ressenti.Pourquoi ?Pourquoi estil protege par la cour royale ?Qui peutil etre ?Il a dû laisser son sac quelque part.Tu oses pisser ici !Mais Gros Chien est dans les toilettes.Mon frere... Laissemoi le prendre !Que se passetil ?Mon frere...Silence ! L'heure de verite.Estce l'empereur ?J'ai traîne avec l'empereur ?Le copain de Phœnix est l'empereur !Le copain de Phœnix est l'empereur !Phœnix va devenir princesse.Amour Amour, ou vastu ?J'ai des courses a faire. Je reviens.Cassezvous ! Partez !Je hais les gens avides !Vous n'avez jamais bien traite ma sœur avant.Maintenant c'est trop tard.Notre restaurant ne servira aucun d'entre vous !Mon frere, il y a plein de rumeurs qui courent.Il paraît que l'empereur traînait juste avec votre sœur.Non.J'ai passe du temps avec cet homme.Je le connais vraiment.Je ne laisserai pas ma sœur se faire jeter.Je vais chercher l'empereur demain.Notre faute !N'importe quoi !Comment peuton perdre la princesse a cause d'une rafale de vent ?Si vous n'arrivez pas a ramener la princesse,des tetes vont tomber.Soyez tranquille, Reine Mere !Je suis volontaire...pour mener la troupe imperiale,afin de trouver la princesse.Je demande une chance de prouver ma valeuret montrer mon repentir.Souhait accorde.Merci, Reine Mere.Un empereur doit savoir jouer la comedie.Enfin, je vais pouvoir prendre l'air.Frere !Frere !Phœnix !Vous avez vu mon frere ? Je l'ai cherche toute la journee.Je l'ai vu au pont.Il va chercher l'empereur.Mon frere est parti le chercher ?Encore toi ?Merde ! Pour qui tu te prends ?Pourquoi vienstu encore nous ennuyer ?Depuis la derniere fois...je me suis beaucoup entraîne.Maintenant j'excelle dans le maniement des Lames Incomparables.Je suis revenu pour vous battre !C'est la technique, longtemps perdue de... ?Bien devine. C'est les "Yeux de la Romance".Ce style accentue ce qui est mou dans le dur,meme dans les coups il y a de la tendresse.Les yeux trompent l'ennemi,rompant toute defense !C'est mysterieux.Je dois me mettre a un autre niveau !Bien ! Moi aussi !He, faismoi les yeux doux ! Moi ?  Vite !Wow, quelle femme fleurissante !C'est le maximum que je puisse faire.Et ça ?Non, arrete, ça suffit !Pas assez ?Et ça ?On aide !C'est bon !J'ai casse mon bracelet.Attention, la lame est empoisonnee !Il faut sucer le sang !Estce la premiere fois que je ressens
le sang de l'amour dans mon cœur.Au bord de la vie et de la mort,je commence a fantasmer !Voyage dans le Monde.Je sais qu'elle fantasme.Je dois la surpasser !Que fait M. Ko ?Il fantasme, probablement.M. Ko m'a appris aujourd'huiqu'il etait acteur a l'origine.Comme mon frere, c'est un vagabond.Il est revenu ce soirpour me proteger, au cas ou Zuo Lengchan reviendrait.Je n'ai pas pu refuser.Il a une grandeur irresistible.Tu ne peux pas dormir ?Je vais bien.Arrete de fantasmer et dors.Je suis un homme respectable.Et maintenant ?J'ai froid aux epaules.Tu veux que je les rechauffe ?OK.Tu as froid ?Un peu.Tu... veux un coup de main ?Pourquoi pas.C'est chaud ?C'est chaud. Mais j'ai froid aux jambes.Mettons nos jambes ensemble.On peut se serrer fort.Maintenant, dors.Et ne fantasme pas.C'est pas trop chaud ?Il y a plein de mains et de jambes la !Laissezmoi !Non, pas toi, Phœnix !Phœnix ! Phœnix !Monsieur ! Lachemoi !Qu'estce que vous foutez ?Nous vous protegeons !Votre Majeste, vous avez dit a la Reine Mere...que vous trouveriez la princesse.Pas que vous courrez apres des femmes.Si elle entend ça,la Reine Mere nous tuera.Mes freres,mais je suis pire que mort !Je suis condamne empereur depuis la naissance.Je suis en fait innocent,vif et creatif.Mon reve est de changer ce monde.Que veut dire Sa Majeste ?Je veux dire qu'il faut oublier les formalites.Desormais, on se sert la main quand on se rencontre.Ou un bonjour, ça suffit.Ou, meme...Ça, c'etait chaleureux, n'estce pas ?Votre Majeste !Bon garçon !Mes talents d'acteur frappent de nouveau !Avec ma meilleure technique de "Voler sur l'Herbe",je peux atteindre le palais en trois jours.He, je suis la ! J'arrive !  Non !Je t'avais dit de ne pas approcher !Pourquoi estu la ? Je... je suis la...  Pour moi ?Et si on criait a l'aide ?Non.Les hommes ne crient pas facilement a l'aide.Laissemoi te sauver avec "Voler sur l'Herbe".Tu sais, ça ne marche pas aussi bien sur la boue que sur l'herbe.Ça ira mieux quand ça sera sec.Pas de soucis, il y a toujours le beau temps apres la pluie.J'ai soif.Tu n'as pas assez d'experience.Tu sais pourquoi j'avais ouvert la bouche pendant la pluie.Un peu de stock ne fait pas de mal.Quoi ?Trop de stock.Mange des feuilles si tu as faim.Pourquoi ne la mangestu pas ? Trop sale ?Je suis pas aussi stupide que toi.Tu le tiens toujours !Ne tourne pas ici.Vite !Ça va mieux ?He, tu pleures.Ne le gache pas, je vais le prendre !Un peu sale, mais ça va.Ne rigole pas. Continue a pleurer.J'en veux plus.Bien qu'ayant ete elevee en famille royale,et dorlotee depuis la naissance,Ça ne vaut pas l'attention de cet homme...pour moi en ce moment.Relaxetoi ! Apres la tempete, on...Ne parle plus,Sinon, on va etre frappes par le tonnerre.C'est pas moi qui ai parle de tonnerre.Pourquoi sur moi ?Meme, tu nous regardes depuis des heures.Quand vastu nous sauver ?Je reflechis...si je peux vous aider.Va chercher de l'aide ! Vite !OK !Une demijournee apres qu'elle ait dit "OK",elle est encore a quelques metres de nous.L'oie, si tu nous comprends,va chercher de l'aide.Si tu nous sauves,je publierai une loi contre la degustation d'oie.Elle a l'air d'avoir des pouvoirs surnaturels.Stupide oie ! On a besoin de gens pour nous aider...Pourquoi faire tout ça ?Ne chie pas sur ma tete.Partez, partez !De l'aide arrive !He, on est la !Ce n'est pas que je ne veux pas etre sauve,mais c'etait si bien nous deux ensemble.Pourquoi avoir besoin de tiers ?On est comme une famille.Et tu es mon futur beaufrere.Ça concerne le bonheur de ma sœur.Alors je dois savoir, astu des defauts physiques ?Non.Non ?Pourquoi tu ne veux pas te baigner avec moi ?On est des hommes, ou est le probleme ?Je ne partage pas le bain d'habitude.Je vois.Mais tu peux le faire tout seul.Je ne peux pas m'accroupir en prenant un bain.Comment tu sais que je me suis accroupi ?Tu m'as epie ?Pour quoi faire ?Il n'y a pas de porte. Comment puisje me baigner ?Exact, un empereurne peut pas s'accroupir pour un bain.Il n'y a rien qu'on puisse faire, alors.Je peux te frotter le dos. Non ! Non !  Allez.Tu vas trouver ça confortable.OK, mais garde ta main sur cette partie.Ta sœur aussi aime frotter le dos des gens, pourquoi ?C'est un acte amical.Je ne frotte pas le dos de n'importe qui.Tu as de la chancede trouver une fille comme ma sœur.Pourquoi tu ne t'en trouves pas une ?Je suis pas aussi chanceux que toi.Les filles comme ma sœur...ont pratiquement disparu de ce monde.Il en reste peutetre.Ce n'est pas bien de dire ça.Quand tu aimes quelqu'un, ton cœur doit tomber pour elle entierement.Les gens disent "un cœur, un amour".Peu importe qui elle est,elle devient uniquesur la Terre entiere.Alors tu as trouve ta femme unique ?Plus facile a dire qu'a faire.Une fois je croyais avoir trouve mon unique.En fait, c'etait justemon espoir secret.Je ne suis pas chanceux comme toi.N'abandonne pas.Tu la trouveras peutetre bientôt.J'espere.Tu sais comment je m'encourage toutes ces annees ?Quand je suis fatigue, je me dis :Je ne suis qu'une poussiere dans l'immensite.Prends une profonde respiration.Et tous les problemes disparaissent.Oh, ça a l'air tres difficile.Ce n'est pas dur. Essaye.Tiens ton chagrin dans la main.Puis respire profondement.Relache toutes les mauvaises ondes a l'exterieur.Tu vois ?Aucune difference.Tu ne l'as pas bien fait.Pense a quelque chose qui te rend triste.Laissemoi reessayer.Ça marche !Vraiment ?Oui, ça marche.La faim me rendait triste.Maintenant je me sens rempli.Je devrais peutetre essayer.Je me sens rempli aussi.Venez manger.Meme tu cuisines si bien !Allez !Mange encore.Tu as bon appetit !J'en veux encore.Je vais t'en chercher.Mon frere, viens voir.Les baguettes vont de paire.Bras dessus bras dessous,tete a tete, comme entre nous deux.Mes baguettes ont des ennuis.Petit frere, tu as tort.Les curedents sont faibles.Les baguettes sont amusantes,mais notre amitie est forte.Notre amitie est veritable.Naturelle comme la bouteille et le verre.L'un verse, l'autre boit, la nuit tombe.Un couple ridicule.La grande bouteille, le petit verre.Ils ne peuvent former un couple.Regardes les oies ensemble,partager le plaisir qu'on a.Ensemble aujourd'hui, rôties demain.Le goût est tellement delicieux.Tellement delicieux.Chanter et boire.La nuit est courte, mais notre conversation est longue.Je m'inquiete de plus en plus.Comment lui dire ce que j'ai en tete.Les mots justes sont mal reçus.Benis ceux qui refusent de voir.Oublions le vrai et le faux de demain.Nous boirons toute la nuit.Qu'estce qui t'ennuie ?Rien. J'ai trop mange.Je craignais que tu ne sois pas habitue a la nourriture de paysan.En fait, ce n'est pas la nourriture qui compte.C'est avec qui on mange.Oui, la nourriture de paysan est une trouvaille pour toi.Tu oublieras tout ça une fois dans le Palais.Il y a une chose que je veux eclaircir.On ne se connaît pas depuis longtemps,mais on est de vrais amis.Et je te traite comme un frere.Je veux savoir :Aimestu vraiment ma sœur ?Si c'est le cas,je veux que tu rentres avec moi. Pour qu'elle ne s'inquiete pas.Mais si c'etait juste pour t'amuser,nous devons nous quitter ici.Et je ne voudrai plus te revoir.Je n'ai qu'une sœur,je ne veux pas la voir souffrir.J'aime beaucoup ta sœur.Mais c'est impossible pour nous...C'est bon !Fini.On dirait que nos chemins sont faits pour se croiser ici.On se quitte ici a chaque fois.Les fleurs de pecher ici
sont magnifiques.Je lui ai dit que je voulais prendre une branche en souvenir.Celui dans le palais ne fleurit jamais.Prendsle et regarde s'il pousse.
Il devrait fleurir au printemps.Metsle bien au soleil.Au revoir.Idiot !J'epouserais ta sœur si tu en avais une !Je t'epouserais si tu etais une femme !Bonne idee ! Je t'epouserais si tu etais une femme !Bien !C'est une promesse !Prenons les fleurs de pecher comme temoins !Prenons les fleurs de pecher comme temoins !ecoute, je suis vraiment une femme.On a partage un lit et on a des fleurs de pecher comme temoins.Tu dois m'epouser.Tu es une femme ?Tu ne me crois pas ?Alors ?Encore des doutes ?Tu reagis juste maintenant.Ne me dis pas que tu ne ressens rien.Un homme doit tenir sa parole.Je suis une brute !J'ai trahi ma sœur !J'ai vole son amour !Le pire c'est que je le ressens.Pas etonnant que je me sois senti homo tout le temps.Tu aurais pu me le dire plus tôt.Comment je vais expliquer a ma sœur ?Je lui expliquerai.Ça va lui briser le cœur.On ne peut pas reculer.Telles que les choses sont maintenant,Phœnix comprendra.Ça aurait ete mieux...si je n'avais rien fait pour la faire souffrir.Amour Amour aurait dit la verite ?Qu'on est destine a jouer nos rôles inverses ?On dirait que je dois faire de mon mieux pour le proteger.Ces dix derniers jours,l'empereur est de plus en plus proche de nous.Il devient aussi de plus en plus creatif.C'est delicieux.Que pensezvous de ma conception ?Nous sommes plus habitues a porter des armesque des valises...C'est embarrassant.Mais vous etes des professionnels maintenant.Avec de telles chaussures ?Ces chaussures a plateformedeviendront tres chic...dans un futur proche.Sa Majesteest habillee un peu comme un personnage comique.N'estce pas un peu neglige ?C'est une autre ligne de mes conceptions.Mes costumes me servent a tester Phœnix.Si elle sait que je suis l'empereur et qu'elle me court apres,ce n'est rien de special.Si je mange et que je bois tout le temps,et que je deviens un homme de loisirs, et qu'elle m'aime toujours,ça veut dire qu'elle reconnaît mon talent !Agogo !J'arrive !Va acheter de la sauce de soja pour moi.Oui !Que pensezvous de nosnouveaux uniformes de restaurant ? Pas mal, hein ?Restaurant DraPhœnix : Phœnix Lia part ça, on aura un nouveau menu.Les clients pourront commander plus facilement avec ça.Cheri, tu es fabuleux !Les chaussures platesformes m'ont donne une autre inspiration.J'ai eu l'idee de ces Chaussures en Os de Poulet.Chaussures en Os de Pouletqui peut supporter meme les femmes qui pesent plus de 200 kg.Quel talent !Va acheter la sauce de soja !Vous etes temoins. Elle aime mon talent !J'ai de nouveaux trucs pour vous ce soir !Encore ? Non !L'Ultime ! Le Donneur prend tout !L'Ultime ? Devant moi ?Je vais vous montrer quelque chose !Je gagne !Je perds !Ouais !Je triche !Phœnix !Je croyais que tu etais un acteur talentueux qui attend d'etre decouvert,je savais pas que tu etais un petit parieur.En fait...Parier c'est mal.Et tu prends l'argent de ces pauvres gens en plus ?OK ! Je vais rendre l'argent !Phœnix !Argent rendu avec interet !En fait, je voulais me faire un peu d'argent pour reparer ton bracelet.a qui est ce bracelet ?Trompe de bracelet ! Je vais l'echanger.Pas fait expres.Numero de licence ?Pas de licence.Vous courez sans licence ?Nom. Adresse.C'est la sœur de Tyran le Kid !Voici ton bracelet.J'y ai mis une touche personnelle.Mon art frappe de nouveau,mais cette foisil est authentique.On doit empecher Phœnix de commettre une erreur !Phœnix, ou estu ?Ici. Phœnix.  Qu'estce qui ne va pas ?Je veux te parler, de la part de ton frere.Comme tu es, voila, implique avec l'empereur...si tu fais une erreur avec M. Ko, ça va etre, voila...Grand frere sera, voila...Une femme ne peut, voila, avec deux hommes...Voila, j'ai fini.Pauvre mec !Tu crois pouvoir faire comme tu veux pendant l'absence de Grand Frere ?Distoi bien, Phœnix va devenir princesse.Princesse.Oui.Et on ira tous a la Cite imperiale et on sera riche.Lache l'affaire !Mon ami,pouvonsnous parler dehors ?D'abord, j'amene mes deux amis.Vos amis sont deja dehors.Pauvre mec, attends un peu.Ou ?Ici !a l'aide !Je ne les connais pas.Vous vous trompez de personne.Frappezle !Elle veut devenir princesse ?Pavillon sacréT'avais dit que tu ne me mentirais plus ?Je n'ai pas menti.Alors, mets ta main sur le feu.Si ton cœur est pur,tu seras indemne.Tu peux le faire ?Oui !Faisle alors.Ne pleure pas !Feu Sacre de Meilong,dismoi si j'aime vraiment M. Ko.Besoin de pommade ?Ça fait mal ?Alors, qu'estce que le feu t'a dit ?Je suis confuse.Quand je pensais a toi, j'ai eu mal a cette main.J'ai eu mal a l'autre main en pensant a l'empereur.evidemment.Comment peuxtu sentir ton cœur en etant confuse ?Si tes sentiments sont forts et veritables,alors tu n'as pas besoin de ce test.Si tu as besoin de te tester,ça veut dire que ton amour n'est pas absolu.Que doisje faire ?Preparetoi a donner tout ton cœur.Tu te souviens de ce que j'ai dit avant ?Toi et moi, l'un et l'autre dans nos cœurs ;l'univers n'est pas plus grand qu'un grain de poussiere.Entre nous deux,il n'y a de place pour rien d'autre.Ma chere,je vais te conduire vers notre monde d'amour.Tu ne veux plus etre princesse ?Non.J'irai avec un homme qui aime mon frere en tant que vagabond.Je ne veux pas etre enfermee dans un palais.C'est comme un oiseau dans une cage.En tant qu'empereur, j'ai besoinde quelqu'un qui peut vagabonder avec moi.Plus de comedie !Je dois mettre mon frere au courant sur nous.C'est quoi ?Aucune idee. J'ai trouve ça par terre.Tu veux essayer ?Vraiment,tu as un frere comme toi ?Je croyais etre unique ?Je veux dire, un peu semblable.Mon grand frere, il ira bien avec ta sœur.Pourquoi ?Il aime frotter le dos aux gens.L'empereur fait ce genre de chose ?Incroyable, hein ?Attends de le rencontrer.Mangeons.Un seisme ?L'odeur du sang !Une force horrible approche.a quoi pensestu d'autre ?Ta sœur comprendra.Quoi ?Je sens quelque chose d'horrible qui approche.Frere !Frere, tu penses que ça va aller pour eux ?Bien sûr.Ils sont frere et sœur apres tout, comme nous.Ils iront bien.Tu es sûr ?Certain.Vous, le dirigeant d'un pays, n'avez pas tenu une promesse.Vous m'avez desobei,sollicite votre sœur royale sur le mauvais chemin,neglige votre devoir pour aller a Jiangnan.etant si deloyal et infidele,comment pouvezvous faire face a vos ancetres,et a votre pays...Et vous osez souhaitervous marier avec cette paysanne !Reine Mere, elle...La ferme !Vous osez ?Je l'epouserai !Alors il est l'empereur ?Tu penses que je pourrai l'epouser ?Sans aucun doute ! Tu te souviens de ce que pere disait ?Tu es destinee a te marier avec quelqu'un de riche,ou une personne noble.Frere, je ne veux pas vraiment etre princesse.Je veux juste etre avec lui.Vous deux, suivezmoi.Ce soir, j'ai ete temoin d'un amour veritablequi a emporte mon fils.Il a grandi.J'accorde votre mariage.Je te l'avais dit !Cherie, calmetoi !Quant a vous,votre dossier n'est pas elogieux.Votre Altesse ! Ne croyez pas les rumeurs !Vous etiez paresseux a l'ecole,avez rejoint un gang de rues a 14 ans...etes devenu le tyran du village.Il y a 2 ans, vous avez quitte Meilongpour vagabonder dans le monde, a ne rien faire.Vous etes irritable et grossier.Vous etes negligent et ignorant.Vous devez vraiment etre un bon a rien.Par consequent...je ne peux vous accorder la main de la princesse.Reine Mere, il n'est peutetre pas le meilleur.Mais les gens peuvent s'ameliorer.On ne peut predire l'avenir,je laisse au destin en decider.Voici les Anneaux uniques du Destin,laisses par le dernier empereur.Ils existent vraiment !Le dernier empereur me les a laisses,pour vous aider a choisir votre mari.S'il est votre destine,l'Anneau tiendra parfaitement et ne tombera pas,c'est le signe que vous ne vous separerez jamais.Voulezvous passer le test ?Oui !Bien !Si l'Anneau tombe,vous promettrez de ne plus jamais le voir !Portele.On ne se separera plus jamais.Vous voyez. Il n'est pas votre destine !Cet homme sans valeur ne vous merite pas.Vous etes sans valeur.Vous ne la meritez pas !Frere !Je ne peux plus vivre avec toi.Tu vas devoir prendre soin de toi dorenavant.Comme je dois partir et continuer ma vie ambulante.Je suis heureux pour toi, je sais que tu l'es.Croismoi, je vais bien.Ne pars pas !Arretez la princesse !Ne pars pas !Frere !Pourquoi vous lui faites ça ?La derniere fois, il n'y avait que nous deux,maintenant que tu es la...a trois, nous sommes invincibles.On se revoit a Meilong.Pourquoi Meilong ?Pour que tu puisses la connaître...Et elle t'attendrait labas pour la connaître.Emballons et partons.Vous ne me laissez pas partir ?Nouvelle tactique. Juste les femmes cette fois.On part ensemble !Pourquoi je pars avec toi ?Tu as dit a la princesse que je te manquais.Je suis la pour te sauver.Mais qui estu ?Je suis ton frere !Sœur, tu vas bien ?Apportez des medicaments !Vous adorez m'attraper ou quoi ?Bon, cette fois je pars avec toi.Vous etes dingue, vous voulez que je m'en aille avec vous ?Comme disent les rumeurs, quand l'hiver arriva,la princesse Wushuang s'etait totalement egaree en ellememe.Elle s'est coupee du monde.Elle disait aux gens que quelqu'un l'attendait.Les medicaments n'ont rien donne.Certains disent que le fardeau du paysl'a englouti.D'autres disent qu'elle a ete frappeepar l'amour.Votre Majeste,notre prince souhaite proposer le mariage.Reine Mere,mon frere et la princesse sont vraiment amoureux.Les Anneaux n'etaient qu'une excuse, n'estce pas ?Reine Mere, pourquoi les avoir separes ?Assez !Je prefere avoir une princesse folle,que d'avoir un idiot a mes côtes.Je suis content qu'on boive ensemble de nouveau !Tu ne devrais pas dire ça.Ne dis rien d'autretant qu'on est dans le sujet...En fait, c'etait ta faute.Partir sans laisser un mot.Ce n'est pas que tu me manques.Mais c'est bien d'avoir de la compagnie.C'est juste, c'etait trop de partir comme ça.Quoi, tu rigoles !T'es tombee des toilettes ?Sante !J'ai rompu avec mon mari.Tu reviens pour de bon ?Non, je suis de passage.Je vais au village de ma tante.Prends l'argent.Tu en auras besoin pour le voyage.Tu as rencontre quelqu'un ?Prends le bracelet aussi, je voulais te le donner.Prendsle.C'etait mon pere qui avait dit que tu ne me meritais pas.Je ne l'ai jamais dit.Pourquoi me donnestu ce bracelet aujourd'hui,et pas dans le passe ?Mon frere.Zi Xia !Zi Xia avait raison.Chaque fois, tu romps parce que tu as peur d'etre abandonne.Tu as abandonne ton amour avec Zi Xia,tout comme tu l'as fait avec la princesse.a peine revenu, tu me harceles...Ce qu'il y a entre moi et la princesse, ce ne sont pas tes affaires.Je me fiche de tes affaires.Mais les affaires de la princesse sont mes affaires !a 8 ans, elle a sauve un Lapin Divin de la mort.Par ses soins, le Lapin Divin s'est retabli.Depuis,le Lapin a veille au bienetre de la princesse.Il s'est occupe d'elle.Et tu me dis de m'occuper de mes affaires ?Foutaise !Croisle ou non,fais bien attention.Tu veux epouser la princesse. Qui s'interesse a la Reine Mere ?La princesse atelle dit que tu ne la meritais pas ?Je sais ce que tu penses :Meme si la princesse s'en fiche,l'Anneau ne t'est pas alle,alors tu n'es pas son vrai amour !Si tu veux que l'Anneau t'aille, rappelletoi :Pour ton seul et unique amour,tu dois t'oublier.Sans t'inquieter pour toimeme, rien ne peut t'arreter.La princesse se marie dans 2 jours.Donnetoi une chance.Mon frere.Que se passetil ?Pendant mon absence de ces deux annees,d'ou vient ce denomme Amour Amour ?Ce n'est pas un de tes amis ?Il s'est montre un jour avant ton retour,
et il a dit qu'il etait un ami.Mais qui estil ?Qui est Amour Amour ?Certains disent que c'est un clodo.D'autres que c'est un magicien.On dit aussi que...Amour Amour est la deesse qui reunit les amoureux.jusquela, j'avais evacuetoutes mes fatigues en un souffle.Mais la methode du soufflen'a pas marche cette fois.Meme en essayant durement.Avant, je pouvais deceler les sentiments de ma sœur.Maintenant, c'est quelqu'un d'autre.Elle crie pour moi de l'interieur.J'ai quitte Meilong.Li Yilong !Tu oses offenser la princesse Wushuang ?Je ne veux pas l'offenser.Je veux juste lui dire quelques mots.Il y a deux nuits, j'ai rencontre une vieille amie,elle m'a eclaire.Je ne dois pas me preoccuper des opinions des autres,et blesser ma bienaimee.Je dois apprendre de ton frere,etre brave et relever les defis.Aujourd'hui je veux offrir ce bracelet a ma femme.J'espere qu'elle me pardonnera,et qu'on sera ensemble pour toujours.Li Yilong, la princesse est deja partie.L'empereur m'a demande de la liberer.J'ai eu du mal a la laisser.J'ai eu peur que Son Altesse me coupe la tete.Mais la princesse pleurait tout le temps,elle te ressemble de plus en plus.Je n'en pouvais plus et je l'ai laisse partir.Desormais, prends bien soin d'elle.Souvent, quand on aime trop,ça devient un poison.Si on deteste trop, le cœur se brise facilement.Mais l'experience la plus penible dans la vie, c'est attendre.Je ne savais pas combien de temps elle attendrait.J'ai cru ne jamais la revoir.Soudainement, je ne savais plus parler.Je ne savais comment...lui dire que je l'aimais vraiment.Tu ne vois pas que je discute avec elle ?Degage !Detendstoi. Rappelletoi quetu n'es qu'un grain de poussiere.Une profonde respiration...te debarrassera de tous tes chagrins.Je n'abandonnerai pas.Parce que profond dans mon cœur,tu seras toujours le seul.Je ne croyais pasen la voyant a nouveau,qu'elle serait devenue une autre personne.Elle ne faisait que repeter mes mots...Elle croyait etre moi.C'est vrai qu'en aimant trop profondement,ça devient un poison.Comme ça l'est, je suis aussi devenu quelqu'un d'autre.Une femme.Tu te rappelles,tu m'as donne une branche de fleur de pecher ici ?Tu as dit qu'au printempsqu'il fallait avoir la branche face au soleil ?Oui. J'ai aussi ditsi tu etais une femme,je t'epouserais.Pour te dire la verite,je suis une femme !On a partage un lit et on a un temoin...Tu dois me prendre pour femme !Oui, j'ai promis...Mais je ne te merite pas.Parce que...l'Anneau unique du Destin est tombe de mon doigt.Idiot !Pour que l'Anneau t'aille, tu dois t'oublier.Pense a moicomme ta seule destinee.Essaye !Portele et on ne se separera plus jamais !Tu vois ? Je t'avais dit que ça marcherait !Tant de soucis sont faciles a resoudre.Quand on veut voir certaines choses differemment.Quand on veut voir certaines choses differemment.J'ai enfin compris la signification de "mirage".Quand ça en vient a l'amour veritable,chaque personne se fond dans l'autre.Peu importe qui est l'hommeet qui est la femme.Tant qu'on est heureux ensemble, tout va bien.Aujourd'hui elle est Tyran le Kid,peutetre que demain ça sera mon tour.Les fleurs de pecher sont en train de fleurir !La princesse avait raison. Le temps est venu aux fleurs d'eclore.Elle doit avoir trouve son vrai amour !Riez, ne faites pas la muette.Allez !N'estce pas merveilleux ?FIN字幕製作：@你的傲慢我的偏見稟告太后!
Your Highness!皇上和長公主又要密謀逃走了!
The royal siblings plan to escape again! 截住他們!   遵旨!
 Stop them!  Yes, Your Highness!待會咱們就分頭溜出宮去
We'll sneak out separately...免得兩個人走太招搖
to avoid suspicion.然後咱們在江南的梅龍鎮會合
We'll then meet up in Meilong town.光天化日我們這樣走  行不行?
Are we going to get away in broad daylight?沒問題!
Sure!皇上  你就這樣走的話
Your Majesty! If you leave us,宮中豈不是群龍無首嗎?
the palace will be left without a leader.怎麼會?
Of course not.母后這麼精明  什麼事一天到晚都要管
The Queen Mother is very clever,
she takes care of everything all the time.就讓她拿主意好了
Let her make all the decisions.別在這礙手礙腳!
Now off with you!這班人在我眼中  只不過是一群飯桶
For me, these useless people are just like bucketfuls of rice.皇上在我眼中  何嘗不是一個粽子?
For me, The Emperor is like a rice dumpling.你們這些奴才  可惡!
You fools!放我下來!
Leave me alone!你們都是飯桶!
You idiots!怎麼可以讓長公主跑掉了?
How could you have let the Princess escape?奴才該死!
It's all our fault!你們這些廢物!
You useless trash!攔住了皇上  卻讓長公主不見了
You stopped the Emperor, but lost sight of the Princess.皇上出宮  最多鬧點荒唐事
The Emperor could be allowed to fool around outside.長公主出宮  一旦出什麼問題
But the Princess... What if something happens to her?我大明皇族顏面何存?
What would happen to the reputation of the Ming Dynasty?到底長公主是怎麼跑掉的?
How did she manage to get away?應該跟我們的部門無關吧
Our department should not be responsible.根據野史記載
According to unofficial historical records,當日長公主是施展大內神功
the Princess used secret martial techniques,用獨步靈犀的絕世輕功飛出了皇城
Vaulting right out of the Palace.但根據東廠的秘密檔案
But according to the secret papers,2046調查報告白皮書所說
File number 2046...這個嘛...
Let me see...無雙長公主當日是施展了她
Princess Wushuang used a special skill...日後獨步武林  膾炙人口的鐵頭神功
That won her fame later.撞破城門而去!
Her secret weapon was her head!不過  這些都不是事實
Hearsays aside.根據當日現場目擊者的口供
According to witnesses...長公主是輕輕鬆鬆  無驚無險的
On that fateful day, the Princess sauntered leisurely...從大明門走著走著就走出去了
Out of the Palace.以上是本台的報導
End of our special report.混賬!
Fools!隨便走走就出了皇宮!
Sauntered and left!那外面的人  不也是隨便走走就進了宮?
So people can saunter and enter the palace?立刻追她回來!
Find her!遵旨!
Yes!你連多走一步的勇氣都沒有
You cannot even take a brave step...怎麼能夠成為一國之君呢?
How can you be an emperor?這棵桃花  自從先帝去世之後
Since the late emperor's death,這麼多年來一直都沒有開花
The peach blossom has not flowered.肯定他在天之靈  擔心著這對兒女的將來
His soul must be worried about his children's future.對不起!
Oops!搶我東西! 給我站住!
Robber! Stand still!好樣兒的  等我喘過氣來
You just wait,我一定追到你!
I'll catch you!我很多年前的外號叫小霸王
They call me Bully the Kid.任何人都可以很霸道
Anyone can be a bully...只要他夠無聊
If he has nothing else to do.兩年前  我決定浪跡天涯
Two years ago, I decided to be a drifter.說好聽的就是飄泊江湖
To put it nicely, I travelled the world.難聽的就是無業遊民
To put it bluntly, I became a tramp.今天我碰到一個很無聊的朋友
Today an acquaintance invited me...他準備跟馬賊打架
To join a fight.我立刻答應了他們
I agreed immediately.因為我比他更無聊
Because I am too bored.龍哥  今天怎麼這個造型?
Hey! I see you have a new image today.我長得太好看了
I am too goodlooking.我希望在殺氣方面能夠加強點
I hope this adds a little malice...當那些敵人一看到我就知道我身經百戰!
Then the enemy will immediately know I am invincible!加了大瘡就能增加你的殺氣嗎?
A lump on the forehead does that?不是  這大瘡是我吃麻辣火鍋吃出來的
No! The lump is the result of my spicy hotpot diet.弟兄們  為了保住我們的地盤
Brothers, in order to protect our territory.這一仗  我們一定要贏!
We must win in this battle!殺!
Go!給我沖!
Charge!兄弟們  衝呀!
"Brothers, charge!"我們趕時間呀  大人
Officer, we're in a hurry!你們不要吵!
Silence!你們這幫小嘍囉在公共場所持械私鬥
How dare you clowns to fight in public area.官差大人  我們都是認識的
Officer, we are friends."不是私鬥  不是打架
We were not fighting.你知不知道大明法例?
Don't you know the law states that...三個人以上就是非法集會!
Any gathering over 3 persons is illegal.帶一公斤以上的兵器就是非法藏械!
Possession of any weapon over 1 kg is an offense.大人  我這把刀用來刮腳皮  才十兩重
Officer, this knife is for pedicure, it weighs 0.8 kg.十兩?
0.8 kg?上磅!
Let's see.十兩?
0.8 kg, huh?你不到一米八  會有三百斤重?
You're shorter than 1.8 m, how can you weight over 300 kg?搜他!
Search him!你幹嘛帶把琵琶?
Why are you carrying a pipa?江湖生活  刀光劍影
My life could be dangerous sometimes,有把琵琶  時不時拿出來唱唱歌
With a pipa at hand I can sing...舒緩一下情緒
To relax myself.你講這麼多話幹嘛?
Bullshit!我現在多告你一條超速罪!
I shall charge you speeding too.我幾時超速呀?
Speeding? When?看!
Here!在我們的高速掃瞄儀器偵測下
As our hightech speed detector indicates...當時你的表情標準
Your facial expression...已經超出了時速一百二十公里
Has exceeded 120 kph.你能不能畫這麼快呀?
The machine works that fast?你敢低估這部儀器?
You dare to underestimate the machine?拿來!
Give it to me!這架高速掃瞄儀器精密之處
The wonder of this hightech machine...就在於裏面有個高速掃瞄人員
Is that it conceals a highspeed technician.該死了吧?
Now you know!厲害吧  還有更精彩的
The better is yet to come.這張是你騎馬途中挖鼻屎的樣子
This one shows you picking your nose while riding.而這張是你百般無聊等待對方出現
This one shows while your waiting for the enemy...挖屁股的樣子
You scratched your ass.這張是你洗澡的樣子
Your bathing.這張是女人!
But this is a woman.是嗎?
Oops.對不起
My mistake.這張是青花閣小菁送給我的
It's a souvenir from Miss Spring of the Spring Flower Brothel.總之你死定了  李一龍!
Anyway, you're done for. Li Yilong!我的妝化成這樣你也認得我?
Hey, you recognize me in this makeup?你化成灰我都認得出你!
Of course I can!你就是梅龍鎮大廚金菜刀的兒子!
You are the son of the Golden Chef of Meilong.你怎麼知道我這麼多?
How on earth could you know that?我怎會不知道?
Why couldn't I?別動!
Freeze!你小時候就流著鼻涕去打穿人家窗戶
As a toddler, you broke people's windows and...長大了就聯群結黨去凌辱村民
You got worse as you got older, beating up villagers.簡直是神憎鬼厭!
You're despicable!你到底是誰?
Who on earth are you?你的易容術是誰教你的?
Who taught you your "Face Off"?陳校長?
Principal Chan?剛才沒了鬍子你就不認識我
You can't recognize me without a moustache?枉我一番心血教導你
All my efforts on you are all wasted.知不知錯?
Do you repent?知道
Yes.知道又怎麼樣?
And so?打五十下手板
Punishment of 50 canes.本來就是打五十大板
50 canes would have been the standard.但是你妝化得亂七八糟  多打三十!
But another 30 for your lousy makeup!在這個時候  我想起陳校長說過
Then I remembered what Chan once said:在外面遊歷的浪子
For a prodigal son is always...就好像秋天的落葉一樣
Like an autumn leaf...當秋風過後 他們就會落地歸根
Its root is its final home.不知道家鄉的那棵樹的葉子落了沒有?
Are the leaves falling at home now?也不知道家鄉的人有沒有想著我?
Are the folks thinking of me?他雖然很用力的打我
The canes hurt. Although Chan struck hard,但我知道他的心很痛
I knew he was heartbroken.他說他不想見到我
He said he'd never see me again.其實是給我一條路走
I know he wants to put me on my way.我很感激你  陳校長!
I will never forget you! Principal Chan![Dragphoenix Restaurant]鳳姐  怎麼了?
What's wrong, Phoenix?殺氣
The smell of blood.我感覺到有一股殺氣
I can feel an intense force coming.小霸王回來了!
Bully the Kid is back!別以為...
Don't you think...去年義弟對我說
My brother said...被龍鳳店那個臭婆娘教訓了一頓
He was beaten severely by a bitch here last year.我還以為多厲害  原來是這等貨色
I had thought she was something. Now I can see it was a fluke.你哪位?
And who can this be?我是江湖號稱千手如來
I am the "Matchless Thousand Hand"...鐵掌無敵左冷禪
Zuo Lengchan我今天來是為我義弟報仇的
I am here to avenge my blood brother.鐵掌無敵!
Thousand Hand the Matchless! 讓我來!  無敵?
 Let me!  Matchless?根據左冷禪的《江湖血淚史》描述
According to the memoirs of Zuo Lengchan...當時的情形其實是這樣的
It happened like this.我栽在小霸王兄妹手上
They hit me like...我除了敗在... 不  Sorry
Sorry!我栽在小霸王兄妹手上
They hit me like...其實不是這個版本
Actually, it was not what really happened.他們用亂棍打我
They were ultimate Street Fighters,用街頭霸王四十二式最殘酷那招!
Using the cruelest tricks on me!我就栽在一張折椅上
I was injured by a folder chair.現在還經常會出血
The wound still bleeds sometimes.不打啦! 不打啦!
Stop... Stop!我怕了你們倆! 不打啦!
You win, fair and square! I quit!好吃嗎?
Good?一碗用愛心做出來的面能不好吃嗎?
How could noodles made with love not be tasty?不行!
No!比老媽的手藝差得遠了
Incomparable with mother's noodles.我走了兩年  你一點長進也沒有?
Two years, and you haven't improved one bit.學學我嘛!
Learn from me!你看
Look.媽死之前  給你這條手鏈
Mother left this bracelet是希望你遇到一個人娶了她  把它送掉
For your future bride.都忘了吧?
Have you forgotten?說我? 你那條呢?
You're lecturing me? How about yours?說你這人沒長進
You fared better?你以為我不想?
You think I don't want to?整個村的人誰不知道你是我哥?
The whole village knows I'm your sister.還有誰敢追我?
Who dares to take me?你可別賴我!
Please don't blame me!不看你自己像個男人婆似的誰敢追!
You act too much like a man for a man to like you!你看我  從頭到腳
Me as a man?哪個地方像男人?
Says how?先生
Excuse me, sir...請問你  這附近有客棧嗎?
Pray tell, is there an inn nearby?趁早死吧你!
You go to hell!對不起
Excuse me.所以說  你就別賴你哥嚇走那些鄉民
Never say it is I who scare other villagers away from you.為了證實與我無關
To prove this,我現在就去看望他們
I shall now go visit them.龍哥
Good brother.請我喝喜酒?
An invitation to your wedding banquet?我代表鄉民把這絕交信交給你
On behalf of the village I offer you this letter.信裏寫得清清楚楚
The letter states clearly.希望你以後千萬別找我們
We want you to stay away from us.從此以後  大家河水不犯井水
From now on, we want nothing more to do with you.你有病呀?
Are you nuts?一點都不顧別人感受?
Could you be a bit more considerate?既然信裏寫得清清楚楚
If the letter already states everything,用不著你再口述一次吧?
Why do you bother to read it loud again?去死吧你!
Go to hell!龍哥!
Good brother!黑豬!
Black Pig!別以為這裏沒有人喜歡我
Now I do have friends here.很久沒見了  這位是?
Long time no see. And who's this?也就只有這些畜生願意跟你交朋友
Yes, some weird friends you have.連名字都叫豬朋狗友
And with those names like animals.龍哥!
Good brother!他的名字可不叫畜生
Now he's got a real name.快告訴鳳姐  你的名字叫什麼?
Quick, tell Phoenix your name!情比金堅!
Amour Amour!不是外號  真名呀!
Not your nickname, the real one.羅曼蒂克!
RoManTique!看到妹妹一身男人打扮  我完全可以理解
Now I understand why my sister dresses like a man.當一個女人極度渴望她的意中人出現
When a woman desperately longs for a man...但是又沒出現
For a long time...她的潛意識就會令她裝扮心目中那個人
She would dress up as him before he appears.我感應到她
I can read her mind...是因為我們從小就有心靈感應
Because a strong vibe connects us since childhood.我知道她現在想什麼
I can tell what she's thinking now.真棒! 感應到哥哥了?
Great! You can read my mind too!真的感應到?
Really? Yes?有眼屎也不擦掉
Clean your face, quick!好  替你找個老公!
I'll get you a mate!我小霸王李一龍叫大家來是為了一件事
I, Bully the Kid, have asked all of you to come, because...我知道你們不愛搭理我
I know you don't think too much of me,老實說  我也不愛搭理你們
Nor do I.但你們不可以因為我而對我妹妹有偏見
But you shouldn't have a prejudice against my sister because of me.今天跟大家說
I am asking you...就是要幫我妹妹找一個真心愛她的男人
To come to help my sister find a man who truly loves her.如果他經得起我們梅龍鎮
If a man can survive...那個萬試萬靈的真心爐考驗
The Sacred Fire of Meilong,無論是乞丐還是皇帝
Whether he is king or pauper,伸手進去又燒不到的話
If he put his hand in and remains unscathed,證明他是真心不怕紅爐火
Then he is a true hero with a true heart.我就會把我妹妹嫁給他
He shall marry my sister.而我阿龍...
As for me...就會離開梅龍鎮
I shall leave Meilong這輩子都不回來!
And never return!誰敢來試?
Anyone want to give it a try?我! 我! 我! 我!
All of us!這麼踴躍?
So many volunteers?沒一個是真心真意喜歡我妹妹的
None of you truly loves my sister.你們全都想我走!
You want to get rid of me!活該全變成燒豬手!
This serves you right!好! 不幫我妹妹找到好男人
Fine! If my sister cannot find a husband,我是不會離開梅龍鎮
I shall not leave Meilong.太感動了!
So moving!龍哥這番話
Good brother reminds me令我想起《大話西遊》裏面孫悟空他說過
Of a line by the Monkey King from "The Chinese Odyssey"...曾經有一碗熱辣辣的燒豬手面擺在面前
"Once, there was a bowl of hot roast pig's knuckles noodles in front of me,"但我沒有珍惜
"But I didn't value,"到面涼了之後才後悔莫及
"And didn't eat them until they were cold, it was too late."塵世間最痛苦的事莫過於此
"Nothing on earth hurts more than this!"你說這話跟龍哥說的話有關係嗎?
What's those words to do with good brother?一點都沒關係
Nothing!可我感動嘛
But I was moved nonetheless!各位鄉親父老
Good folks,為了答謝大家多年來對龍鳳店的厚愛
For your kind support of our restaurant for so many years...龍鳳店今天實行八折酬賓
We are offering 20% discount today...而且推出龍鳳鴛鴦包
And specialties such as our special buns與及超級無敵炸臘腸套餐
And super fried sausage set meals.頭三位客人還加送神秘禮物
And surprise gifts for the first three customers.千萬別錯過!
An offer not to be missed!你這混蛋!
You horrible creatures!我酬賓  又不是要你捐款!
I am thanking my customers, not asking for your donations!龍哥  我已經吃過午飯了
Good brother, I've eaten already.宵夜和晚飯不用吃?
Not even for your next meal, and the one after that?來! 來!
Come!妹妹  有人心臟病呀!
Sis, someone has gone down!你混蛋裝死?
Playing dead now?鳳姐  龍哥這樣做還不是為了多幫你一些
Phoenix. Good brother is doing this all for you.一個客人都沒有  要他幫什麼?
No one comes here, what else can he do?他像支殺蟲水一樣堵在門口
He is worse than a pesticide, standing there like that.連蒼蠅都不飛進來了
Not even a fly will get in.好! 走著瞧!
Just watch me!小霸王來了! 快走!
Bully the Kid is here!龍哥  你不是故意捉弄我吧?
Good brother, spare me!故意作弄? 我來關照你!
What? I am bringing you business.但是我的客人全都跑去關照你的店了
Yes, but all my customers have brought you business.這批不走怎會有第二批呢?
Business is like that, come and go.你老坐在這兒  哪還有人敢來?
With you sitting here, it can just be "go".向右不行  向左也不行
Both sides are blocked...前面還有個擋道的
And one blockhead in front!奇怪  我的心怎會跳得這麼厲害?
Why is my heart beating so fast?難道是妹妹?
Could it be sis?原來真是她看到那位公子
So she is attracted to this gentleman,心跳得碰碰響
No wonder my heartbeats went wild.好! 讓哥哥幫你安排這段姻緣
Be it so! Let me match them together.掌櫃的  快點!
Waiter, be quick!老兄  好身手!
Brother, good move!坐下喝杯酒!
Sit down and have a drink!當時我們的距離是七公尺零八公分
At a distance of 7.08 meters...在不夠四分之一柱香的時間  我做了一個決定
Within the time of 0.25 incense stick, I made a decision.我看他人品不錯  身手也挺好
The gentleman was athletic, and looked handsome...所以我決定把他介紹給我妹妹
I decided to introduce him to my sister.當時我距離這個人是三公尺零八公分
At a distance of 3.08 meters...但在不到四分之一柱香的時間裏
Within the time of 0.25 incense stick...我做了一個影響終生的決定
I made a lifechanging decision.既然我身上的銀兩沒了
I was broke,這個傻冒兒又說要請客
And he offered to treat.所以  我決定吃死他
I decided to eat all I could eat.當時我的心情亂到
I had no idea what...不知道那個距離有幾公分
...the distance was...連香都不用點  我就做出了一個決定
I didn't need an incense stick...我一找到機會  就放瀉藥拉死他們!
I must find a way to get rid of them.這位相公非常特別
This gentleman stands out from the rest.我從來沒見過我哥這麼熱情招待一位客人
My brother has never treated anyone so well.從那天開始
Starting from that day...他們每天在小泉居喝酒聊天
They have been drinking and talking, day in day out.看來他不只吸引了我哥  還吸引了我
Looks like my brother is attracted to him, and I too.你肚子很餓? 吃塊雞
Hungry, huh? Try the chicken.我們梅龍鎮的雞非常好吃
Meilong is famous for its chicken我的酒呢?
Bring me my wine!與龍哥共舉杯
"A drink with a good brother,"萍水相逢作朋友
"A friend in good weather."世間相聚不容易
"In this time at this place we meet,"請你再飲這杯酒
"A toast we need."好賢弟  慶相逢
"I cherish our meeting,"一見如故說風流
"A warm and wonderful blessing."投緣就是好兄弟
"Between us there's a heat,"今夜與你喝個夠
"This night is a feast."與龍哥稱兄弟
"We can be brothers,"千杯不醉樂悠悠
"Our happiness knows no border."樓台近水月當空
"For us the world exists,"酒逢冤家又何求
"No matter where our paths lead."好賢弟  喝一杯
"I cherish our night,"人生夢醒再回首
"May tomorrow be another fight."百年好酒千杯少
"On this wine we feed"那怕老闆要我走
"No matter his heart will bleed."關我什麼事?
What's it got to do with me?金鑲玉  鳳求凰
"Dragon for phoenix,"人間最難配成雙
"It is a complicated matrix."天下知己當你我
"Now that we are acquainted,"只恨時光太匆忙
"Our future needs repainted."說不完  喝不夠
"Good brother behold,"最難得是好朋友
"A sun needs a moon to be whole."酒逢知己千杯少
"Good wine must be cherished,"只恨時光太匆忙
"But time has also vanished."龍兄
Good brother,這兒雖然又吃又住招呼周到  不過...
The food and living here is great, but...我想我還是該走了
I must be going.不錯
Yes.天下沒有不散的筵席
All feasts must come to an end.再這麼下去  我也不知能頂多久
I can't last much longer anyway.開始我以為我請你一頓
At first, I thought,你怎麼也得回請我一頓
We were going to buy meals in turns...結果頓頓都是我請
As it turned out, it was always I who paid.不過我不是一個小器的人
Not that I mind this,我只不過是一個有什麼就說什麼的人
I say what I feel.我知道你一定有困難
You must be in financial difficulty.這兒有些銀子  你拿去吧
Here, take these.根據無雙長公主日後出版的回憶錄
According to the Princess Wushuang's memoirs...《我和小霸王的一段情》裏記載
Amour a la Bully the Kid...當晚  當小霸王抱著她的時候
That night, in the arms of Bully the Kid...她經歷了人生中一個極度難忘的時刻
She experienced a moment she could never forget...她第一次有心跳的感覺
For the first time in her life, she felt her heartbeat.但是  在小霸王的回憶錄中
However, Bully the Kid remembered that night...對那晚的描述又是另一個版本
Rather differently.多多保重!
Take care!不過  根據小泉居老闆的
However, according to the innkeeper...回憶錄《誓不低頭》
...who offered a different view in his memoirs[我與小霸王對抗三十年]裏面描述
Never Gave Up My Thirty Years Of Fighting Bully the Kid其實情形是這樣的
This is what really happened...當晚很混亂  也不知道誰抱著誰
There was no way of telling who was holding whom...場面極度感人
Emotions were charged.送完又送  抱完又抱
There keep bidding farewell continuously又抱又送  依依不捨
There was so much holding and embracing.反正就是沒完沒了
There was no ending in sight.送君千里終須一別
Let's bid farewell here.我還是不送了
Goodbye!送君千里終須一別
Let's bid farewell here.不知不覺都送了你一個月
We have been bidding farewell for one month now.再送就送到你家了
You'll soon be home.這次真的不送了
Let us part now!保重!
Take care!哥  其實兩個人吃飯
Brother, It is more fun to have three...還是沒有三個人吃飯開心
At a dinner table than the two.妹妹  你別發愁
Sis, don't be upset.我知道你想著王相公  我有辦法
I know you miss him. I have a solution.什麼辦法?
A solution?這玩意
I learnt this...是我這幾年闖蕩江湖時學回來的
In my wild days.叫做念力
"Concentration"如果你想那個人出現
When you miss something, some person...只要你集中精神看同一點
You concentrate on one point看著看著它就會出現了
And that person appears.哥  看這麼久你累不累呀?
You've been staring at the same spot for a long time. Aren't you tired?當然累  我現在全身肌肉都僵了
Of course! My whole body is numb.連眼皮都合不上  快幫我找大夫
I couldn't even close my eyes. Get a doctor!快!
Go! 這麼早?  對呀
 You're early.  Right.先坐  煮碗麵給你吃
Sit. Shall I cook you some noodles?又回來看看?
Coming back for a look?對
Right.那你隨便
Make yourself at home.天下知己當你我
"Now that we are acquainted,"只恨時光太匆忙
"Our future needs repainted."說不完  喝不夠
"Good brother behold,"最難得是好朋友
"A sun needs a moon to be whole."酒逢知己千杯少
"Good wine must be cherished,"只恨時光太匆忙
"But time has also vanished."阿龍哥  舉目瞧
"Brother, look."舉目瞧
"Just look."那太陽月亮又一雙
"The sun and moon are together."又一雙
"Together."日夜更替緊相隨
"Day changes to night following closely."緊相隨
"Following closely"相輝相映如我倆
"Radiant as we."情比金堅  什麼名?
" 'Amour Amour'! What sort of name is that?"不喝了!
No more drinks!這死鬼的真名叫正德王
This kid has the same name as Emperor Zheng De!參見聖上!
I bow to Your Majesty!平身!
Get up!小王八蛋  我拿刀砍死你!
You little bastard, beware!看你樣子  該到婚娶的時候了
Little brother, you have reached marriageable age.為何尚未成親?
Why haven't you married yet?我沒找到如意郎君
Because I haven't found my destined husband.如意郎君?
Your husband?你當自己是女人?
You think you're a woman?我就是女人!
I am a woman.那我妹妹豈不是男人?
Wow, that makes my sis a man.是呀  每個人看到我都叫我先生
Yes, they all call me "good sir".我扮給你們看  等一下
I'll show you, hold on.像不像個男人?
Do I look like a man?像!
Yes!看我的
My turn.我像不像個女人?
Do I look like a woman?好像!
Wow!輪到我!
My turn.我們耍一套虎鶴相形拳給王相公看!
Let's perform Tiger Crane Fists together哥  你這個女裝真是太美了
Brother, you look fabulous as a woman.完了!
It's over!我這樣一個金枝玉葉  跟他有了肌膚之親
I belong to royalty, and now I've shared a bed with him...他日怎麼向母后交代?
How could I explain to the Queen Mother?他是一介莽夫  而我堂堂一個長公主
He's just a peasant, but I am a princess.母后怎麼會答應呢?
Queen Mother would never consent!人妖!
A drag!忘了換衣服
Forgot to change.先刷牙吧
Brush up.你哥神裏神經的
Your brother is a bit crazy.他以前也不是這個樣子
He wasn't like this before.自從他被那個富家小姐拋棄之後
After he was dumped by a rich girl,才性情大變的
His changed a lot.其實那個富家小姐
Well, the rich girl,小時候家裏也是沒錢的
Didn't begin as a rich girl.她跟她的阿爺住在村尾
She lived with her grandpa right outside the village有一年  她摔斷了腿
She broke her leg one year.我哥每天背著她走二十多里地去看大夫
My brother carried her to the doctor everyday, trekking miles and miles.還幫她做好晚飯  送她回家
Cooked for her, took her home, and then...後來她爹在京城裏發了財
One day her dad got rich,便覺得我哥配不上她
And said she was too good for him.讓他們斷絕了來往
The romance got cut off just like that.我哥傷心之下  被迫出外闖蕩世界
My brother was heart broken and left.其實我知道  他是不想留在這個傷心地
I know my brother wants to leave this unhappy place,他總希望有一天可以在外面碰見她
He hopes one day he'll run into her.那怕是只看她一眼  他就好滿足了
Just for one look, then he would be satisfied.你幹嘛?
What are you doing?剛剛洗完臉  順便擦擦背
A back rub after a face wash!要不要洗個腳?
You want me to wash your feet?你這樣好像我爹啊
You remind me of my dad.滿嘴冒泡
With this foamy moustache.以前  我娘也是這樣幫我爹擦背的
My mother used to rub my dad's back too.喂! 一起出去逛街!
Hey, let's go out!這個盆裏的水呢
The water in this basin...是從天山姻緣洞裏拿來的
is taken from Tianshan's Destiny Cave.可以照到塵世間種種奇異的姻緣
It reflects people's destinies.能不能照出十二指腸和胃潰瘍呀?
Does it also reflect ulcers and other ailments?以為戴個假鬍子
With your moustache,我就不認得你是那個什麼情比金堅?
You think I wouldn't be able to recognize you, Amour Amour?龍哥  我只是做兼職
Good brother, but this is my parttime.也不能天天全職當流氓呀
I couldn't survive as a fulltime tramp.不過這個盆呢
But this basin of water個個試過都說靈
Can really foretell your destiny.是嗎?
Really?照照我們看
Let's check our destiny.照照看
Come on.是啊  你們的緣份可以做閨中姐妹
Well, you two have a nice sisterly path. 好呀! 好呀!  你胡說什麼?
 Very well.  What are you saying?那再照照我們倆
Now let us do it.你們兩個呢  就可以做夫妻了
And you two will be husband and wife.妹妹!
Sis!滾一邊去! 待會兒跟你算帳!
Get off, I will avenge later.妹妹!
Sis!真是笑死我了
You funny man!兩個男人怎麼可以結為夫妻呢?
How could two men be married?不是啊  你們剛才照的時候
Just now when you two were there...那水面震的好厲害
Do you recognize the intense vibration of the water,影子不斷的搖動
And the shaking of the shadow,這個就叫做「鏡花水月」
It's the classic "Mirage" syndrome似真非真  似假非假
Truthful and yet illusive.你會跟水影中的阿龍有段姻緣
You are destined to be together with the
Li Yi long that exists in the water reflection,但是你不會和你身邊這個
But not with the present him.既不高大又不矮小的阿龍有結果
Otherwise, you two would not bear fruit.你說什麼?
What are you talking about?當你得到那對天下無雙
When you get the Unique...緣定今生龍鳳配指環的時候
Destiny Ring,你就會得到「鏡花水月」
The "Mirage" shall materialize裏面真心愛你的人
into true love.記住  這種宿世姻緣叫做
Remember, your destiny...桃花樹下千里姻緣一線牽
Flourishes under a peach blossom tree.記住  桃花樹下
Remember. Peach blossom!你耍我?
Don't joke with me!我不是開玩笑  長公主
I wouldn't dare, Princess.皇兄正德皇收工啦!
Emperor Zheng De must now call it a day.嚇死我了
You nearly fooled me.長公主?
Princess?他怎麼知道我是女人?
How does he know I am a woman?瘋瘋癲癲的
Crazy guy.老大爺
Good man...我被人跟蹤  麻煩你幫我擋擋
I am being followed, please help me.沒問題  長公主
No problem, Princess!你是誰?
Who are you?微臣趙飛
Your royal servant Fay...退休前御臨軍教頭
Former head of the Palace troops,本次是受太后之托  秘密出來
Under the command of the Queen Mother,微服追查長公主下落
We need to operate in disguise to find Princess.太后密旨
The Queen Mother has ordered...不得驚動這裏的地方官  希望不要...
To keep this operation confidential, so...不許叫!
Stop!不許跟著我!
Stop following me!別跟著我!
Don't follow!知府大老爺的公子你都敢撞?
Your dare to bump into the son of the Magistrate.你還左看右看?
What are you looking at?我在跟你說話呢!
I am talking to you!是不是想我抓你回去?
Shall I lock you up?千萬不要洩露身份
Don't expose ourselves.他們帶長公主去衙門  我們跟她一起去
We could be locked up too, so as to protect her.哥  他們把王相公抓去
Brother, they've taken him.會不會毒打一頓?
Are they going to beat him up?不會
No.你剛才不見突然多了一些人幫王相公
A group of strangers seems to be helping him.我覺得有古怪
I smell something fishy.對呀
Right.跟我來
Follow me.他們都是大內高手
We are all imperial guards.一定會保護長公主的安全!
We come here to protect you.別吵!
Shut up!究竟剛才誰有份咬我的耳朵?
Who bit my ear?沒人敢認是吧?
Nobody confess?過會我爹出來  你們就知道味道!
You will see when my dad come.爹!
Dad!你們這班江洋大盜  簡直目無王法
You ruthless gangsters!竟敢毆打本官!
How dare you to beat me up?有什麼不敢?
Why couldn't we?我們都是江湖上的金牌打手!
And we are certainly experts in this.什麼金牌打手?
Who's backing you?我家主人  朱字頭!
The Chu's.山東響馬豬油渣嘛
Fatty Chu from Shandong?再打!
More!我說錯了嗎?
I said something wrong?知府大人說
The Magistrate has decided這件事情不屬於刑事毆打
That this can not be categorized as a criminal case.只不過是一宗民事訴訟
But simply a civil one.本衙門不接受這個案子
We do not take on civil cases.馬上把這些人全給我放了!
Dismiss all of them!你是誰? 你說放就放?
Who the hell are you to have the authority to command?這位公子這麼多話
This gentleman seems to have some opinion...請你出來到後面談一談
Care to come inside for a chat?怕你呀? 進就進!
Why should I be afraid?阿成! 阿權! 阿龍! 阿昌! 阿強! 阿達!
Jack! Joe! John! Jim! Jay! Josh!統統進來!
Follow me, all of you!啥事?
What's going on?走吧!
Let's go!住嘴! 別跟著我!
Shut up! Don't follow me!參見長公...
Your...不准叫!
Shut up!參見長公...
Your...不准叫!
Shut up!不要驚動鄉民
Do not arouse any public attention.叫便服侍衛貼身保護長公主離開本鎮
The guards will secretly accompany the Princess to leave.我們會在三里外的山坡上接應
We'll meet up 3 km away.是
Yes.你到底什麼人?
Who on earth are you?我要走了
I got to go.走?
Go?那我妹怎麼辦? 泡完溜?
What about my sis? Discarding her after the intimacy?我才是被人那個那個呢
I am afraid it is I who is being discarded.一龍  聽我說
Yilong, listen.你記住今天我跟你說的話
Remember what I tell you today.說!
Speak up.那天我們大家喝醉了  有了肌膚之親
We had some sort of intimacy on the night when we got drunk.這是鐵一般的事實
That is an undeniable fact.做男人不可以推卸責任的
And a man must bear this responsibility.對呀!
Of course.做丈夫的要對妻子千依百順
A husband must do as told by his wife...呵護備至  溫柔體貼
Must take care of her, treat her well,別跟她頂嘴
Heed her wishes.應該是女人對男人才對呀
Isn't that the wife's job?別搶對白! 讓他說完!
Shut up and listen to him!老婆是用來愛護的
A wife needs to be loved.她可能嬌生慣養一點
She might be a bit spoilt.有時又很調皮  你就遷就她一下
A bit naughty at times, and you must see to her needs.我不是這個樣子的!
I am not like that!別吵! 等我把話講完!
Shut up and let me finish!如果你可以做到這樣
If you can do that,就是個好丈夫了  知道嗎?
You can be a good husband. Do you get it?你跟我說這些幹什麼? 你跟你自己說!
Why tell me this? You should tell yourself!我會回來接你的
I will come back for you.你接我幹嘛? 你接她才對!
Why me? You should come back for her!沒事吧?
Are you alright?王相公  你擱錯肩膀哭吧?
Excuse me, are you hugging the wrong person?你上京吧
You must move on.他都不理我
But he ignored me.我不是說你
I am not talking to you.我真的走了
I really must go.你一定要回來
You must come back.你做的菜這麼好吃  我一定會再回來的
You cook so well. I will definitely come back.你怎麼了?
Are you alright?我以為  他抱著我的時候...
I thought when he held me,我會很興奮
I would get all excited.但我為什麼沒有一種心跳的感覺?
But it turned out I didn't feel a thing.這是怎麼回事?
Why?那麼多朝廷命官護著他
Why is he protected by the royal court?他到底是什麼人?
Who could he be?我記得他有個包袱在這兒
I'm sure he has left his bag somewhere.你在這兒小便!
You dare to pee here!龍哥  不是呀  大狗在拉屎!
But Big Dog is in the toilet.龍哥... 我來拿! 我來拿!
Good brother... Let me get it!幹什麼?
What's going on?龍哥...
Good brother...別吵! 緊張時刻!
Quiet! Time for "show and tell".他是皇上?
He is the Emperor?我跟皇上打過滾?
I had fooled around with the Emperor?鳳姐男朋友是皇帝!
Phoenix's boyfriend is the Emperor!鳳姐男朋友是皇帝...
Phoenix's boyfriend is the Emperor!鳳姐要做皇妃啦
Phoenix is going to be the princess.情比金堅  你到哪去?
Amour Amour, where are you going?我有事  一會兒再回來找你
I need to run some errands. Be back soon.走! 全給我走!
Go away! Go!我最討厭人勢利眼!
I hate greedy people!以前不見你們對我妹妹這麼好?
You have never treated my sister well before.現在才來巴結
Now it is too late.龍鳳店不做你們生意!
Our restaurant will serve none of you!龍哥  外面傳得很厲害
Good brother, there are a lot of rumors out there說皇上都在玩弄你的妹妹
It says the Emperor was just fooling around with your sister.皇上不是那種人
No, he won't.我跟他生活過一段時間
I have spent time with that man.我很瞭解他
I really know him.我不會讓我妹妹淪為玩偶的
And I will protect my sis from being fooled with.我明天就上京找皇上
I will go find the Emperor tomorrow.奴才該死!
Our fault!分明是一派胡言!
Such nonsense!大風能把長公主吹走嗎?
How could a gust of wind blow the Princess away?如果不把長公主找回來
If you fail to bring the Princess back,你們就人頭不保!
All heads would roll.母后息怒!
Be at peace the Queen Mother!孩兒只是想請示母后
I just wish to volunteer...請母后准許孩兒帶大內密探
To lead the imperial Troop.一起去把皇妹找回來
To find the Princess back.希望有個戴罪立功的機會
I want a chance to prove myself以表示孩兒對母后的歉意
And to show the Queen Mother my repentance.你去吧
Wish granted.謝母后!
Thank you, Queen Mother.做皇帝也是需要有點演技的
An emperor must have some acting skills.這次終於可以出去走走
Finally, I have the chance to get some fresh air.哥!
Brother!哥!
Brother!鳳姐
Phoenix!看到我哥嗎? 我找一早上都沒找到他
Have you seen my brother? I've looked for him the whole day.我剛剛在橋頭上還看到他
I just saw him on the bridge.他好像去找王相公
He was on his way to find the Emperor.找王相公?
My brother left to search for him?又是你?
It's you again?我靠! 你以為你是誰?
Damn! Who do you think you are?又來找龍哥麻煩?
Why come to bother us again?自從上次之後
Since last time...我回去苦練我的刀法
I have been practicing a lot.終於  讓我領悟到無敵鴛鴦刀
Now I am excellent in using the Matchless Blades.這次來  是想再領教你們兄妹倆
I'm back to defeat you guys!這套劍法  莫非是失傳的...
Your technique, could it be the longlost...?沒錯  這就是眉來眼去劍法!
Good guess. The longlost "Romancing Eyes".這套劍法精粹就是剛中帶柔
This style emphasizes what's soft within hard,廝殺之中閃著無限的溫馨
Even in killing there is tenderness.以勾魂攝魄的眼神
The eyes will beguile the enemy,置對手死於無形之中!
Breaking down all defense!實在太邪!
This is uncanny.我要再加強功力!
I have to upgrade to another level!好! 我也要加強功力!
Good! I'll upgrade too!喂! 借我點眼神!
"Hey, give me an eye!" 我?  來!
 Me?  Quick!好一朵江南小野花!
Wow, such a wild blossoming woman!最多就是這樣了
It's the most I can do.這個行不行?
How about this?不要逼我  不要這樣  夠了
Don't make me, don't, enough!還不行?
Not enough?這個行不行?
How about this?我們給你眼神!
Let us help!行!
Done!我的鏈子都斷了
I broke my bracelet.小心! 這刀有毒!
Careful, the blade is poisoned!不把毒血吸出來  麻煩就大了!
We need to suck the blood out!我第一次感覺到愛情的心跳
It is the first time I feel the blood of love rushing to my heart.可是在這生死關頭
On the brink of life and death,我竟然開始胡思亂想
I start to fantasize![Travel Around the World.]我知道她在胡思亂想
I can tell she is fantasizing.我要比她更胡思亂想!
I must outdo her!高公子在幹什麼?
What is Mr. Ko doing?可能是在胡思亂想吧
Fantasizing, probably.今天 從這個高公子口中知道
I learned from Mr. Ko today他原來是戲班唱戲的
That he was originally an actor.就像我哥一樣  四海為家
Like my brother, he is a wanderer.晚上  他又突然回來了
He came back tonight說怕左冷禪再出現  要貼身保護我
And said in case Zuo Lengchan returns, he can protect me.我沒辦法拒絕他
I couldn't refuse him.因為他有一種令人無法抗拒的威嚴
He has a grandeur that no one can resist.睡不著?
Can't sleep?不是
I'm fine.別胡思亂想了  睡吧
Stop fantasizing and sleep.我不會做出不君子的越軌行為
I am a respectable gentleman.又怎麼了?
What now?胳膊冷
My shoulders are cold.那我手搭你身上好不好?
Shall I warm them for you?隨便
OK.你冷嗎?
Are you cold?一點點
A little.要不要... 把手借給你?
You... need my hand?也好
Can do.現在有沒有暖一點?
Warmer now?暖一點  不過腳有點冷
Warmer. My feet are getting cold though.那搭在一起吧
Let's put our feet together.不如我們抱緊一點好了
We can hold each other tight.好了  現在可以睡覺了
Now, sleep.不要胡思亂想啦
And don't fantasize.你覺不覺得有點熱?
Isn't it getting too warm?對呀  怎麼多了這麼多手手腳腳?
We are having lots hands and legs here!你們給我出去!
Bugger off!不是說你呀  鳳姐!
No, not you, Phoenix!鳳姐! 鳳姐!
Phoenix! Phoenix! 公子!  放手!
 Sir!  Hands off!你們在搞什麼東西?
What are you guys doing?貼身保護!
Protecting you!皇上  你一直跟太后說
Your Majesty, your told the Queen Mother...出來是來找長公主的
The trip is meant to find the Princess.可是你一出來就找女人
Not for you to womanize.你說你這個事情如果給太后知道了
If she hears about this,那我們可就慘了
The Queen Mother would kill us.各位大哥啊
Good brothers,其實我比你們還更慘呀
But I am worse than dead!我一出生就沒得挑  就要做皇帝
I am doomed as the Emperor at birth.其實我是一個天真活潑
I am indeed an innocent,充滿創意的年輕人
lively and creative person.我最大的理想就是改變這個世界!
My ideal is to change this world.皇上  你什麼意思?
What does your Majesty mean?其實我的意思就是不拘小節
What I mean is let us forget the formalities.以後君臣之間  大家見面時就握握手
From now on, we shake hands when we meet.要不然就敬個禮
Or a salute will be fine.再不然...
Or, even like...剛剛的感覺是不是很親切?
Now that was warm and close, wasn't it?皇上!
Your Majesty!乖!
Good boy!我那感人的演技  又再一次成功了
My talent for acting strikes again!就憑我生平絕學草上飛輕功
With my best ever skill of "Flying on the Grass",三日之內就可到達皇宮
I can reach the Palace in three days.我在這兒呢!
Hey, I am here! 我來啦!  別跳過來!
 I am coming!  Don't!叫了你了  還是往裏掉
Told you not to come near!你怎麼會在這兒?
How come you are here? 我啊  我是來找...  我呀?
 I... I was here...  For me?要不然咱們大聲喊救命吧
What if we both cry for help?得了吧
No.男人大丈夫輕易向人求救的嗎?
Men wouldn't easily cry for help.讓我用草上飛的輕功救你出去吧
Let me rescue you with "Flying on the Grass".其實我的輕功在爛泥裏很難發揮的
You know, mud doesn't work as well as grass.等曬幾天  泥巴干了就好了
We'll be fine when it dries up.放心  雨過之後就會天晴
Don't worry, sunshine always come after the rain.渴死啦  我好想喝水
I am thirsty.所以說你不夠江湖經驗
You are not experienced enough.那天下雨  你看我嘴張那麼大就知道了
Now you know why I opened my mouth wide in the rain that time!先喝一點存起來
A bit of stock wouldn't hurt.怎麼了你?
What's up?我喝得太多了  尿急
Too much stock inside.肚子餓先吃片葉子
Eat some leaf if you're hungry.那你幹嘛不吃? 嫌髒吧
Then why don't you have it. Too dirty?我才沒你那麼笨
I am not stupid like you.你還叼著呢
You're still holding that!喂  把嘴伸過來
Turn this way.快點!
Quick!好點了吧?
Feeling better?你哭啦?
Hey, you are crying.別浪費  留點給我!
Don't waste it, let me get it!咸是咸了點  但可以頂得住
A bit salty, but good enough.你別笑  繼續哭
Don't laugh. Keep crying.一滴不夠喝的
I want more.雖然  我是金枝玉葉
Although I am raised up in the royal family,從小被很多人萬般寵愛
And used to pampering since birth,原來都比不上這個男人
Nothing is compared with the care of this man...在這一刻對我的關懷
For me at this moment.放心! 風風雨雨過後就...
Relax! After the storm we'll...不要再說啦
Don't say anymore,再說我們就得遭雷劈啦
Or else, we will be struck by the thunder.她說打雷的嘛
It was she who said thunder strike.你劈我幹什麼?
Why take it out on me?老婆婆  你已經看了我們兩個時辰了
Granny, you have been staring at us for hours.到時候救我們呀
When are you going to rescue us?我也是在考慮呀
I am deliberating...有沒有這個能力可以救你們?
If I can help.那還不快點去找人!
Go get some help please! Quick!好!
OK!在她說完這個「好」字之後五個時辰
Half a day passed after she uttered the word "OK",她不過走了不到十公尺
She is still only meters away from us.鵝呀鵝  如果你有靈性
Goose, goose, if you understand us,就快點找人來救我們
Please go get some help.如果你救了我們
If you save us,我以後立法  全國禁止吃燒鵝!
I'll issue a ban on all eating of geese.這一隻就有靈性了
Now this one seems to have supernatural powers.你這呆頭鵝! 叫你帶人來
Stupid goose! We need people to help...你帶群鴨子來幹什麼?
What do we need ducks for?別往我頭上拉屎
Don't shit on my head.走開!
Go away, go!有人來了!
Help is coming!老婆婆  我在這兒! 這邊!
Hey, we are here!我不是不想找人救我們
Not that I don't want to be saved,但我想兩個人能這樣在一起
But it has been so nice for us together.為什麼還要讓第三個人出現?
Why do we need a third person?大家兄弟一場
We are like a family.以後還會做親戚的
And you're my future brotherinlaw.這件事關係到我妹妹的終身幸福
This involves the happiness of my sis.你老實跟我說  你身體有沒有缺陷?
So I need to know, do you have any physical defects?沒有
No.沒有?
No?那你為什麼不肯跟我一起洗澡?
How come you wouldn't bathe with me?大家都是男人大丈夫  一起洗澡沒問題呀
We are both men, what is the problem?我不習慣跟人一起洗澡
I am not used to sharing a bath.你不習慣跟人一塊兒洗
I see.那你可以自己洗呀
But you can do it on your own.我不習慣像你這樣蹲著洗呀
I can't squat when taking a bath.你怎麼知道我是蹲著洗澡?
How do you know I squatted?你偷看我?
You peeped?用得著偷看嗎?
Why bother to peep?門都沒有  怎麼洗?
There is no door. How can I bathe?那倒是  你身為一國之君
Right, an Emperor怎麼能叫你在街上蹲著洗澡呢?
Can't squat for a bath.這樣看來是沒辦法了
There is nothing we can do, then.不如這樣吧  我幫你擦背
Well, I can rub your back. 不能擦! 不行!  不用客氣
 No, don't! No!  Come on.擦兩下舒服點
You will find it comfortable.擦這兒行了  其它地方不能擦
OK, but keep your hand to that part.為什麼你跟你妹都這麼喜歡幫人擦背?
Both You and your sister like to rub people's backs, why?當你是自己人才替你擦
This is a friendly act.要是換了別人  我理都不理
I don't just rub anyone's back.你真算運氣好
You are lucky找到一個像我妹這麼好的女孩
To have found some girl like my sis.那你自己為什麼不找一個?
Why don't you find one for yourself?我哪有你運氣好? 沒有了
I am not fortunate like you are.像我妹這麼好的女孩子
Such a good girl like my sis...世界沒有第二個了
nearly vanishes in the world.那倒也不一定
Maybe there is still some.你這麼說可就不對了
It's not right to say that.你喜歡一個人就應該對她真心真意
When you like someone, your heart falls for her completely.正所謂情有獨鍾
People say "one heart one love".就算她怎麼平凡
No matter who she is,在你心目中應該是獨一無二
She becomes unique on天下無雙才對
the whole earth.那你找到你的天下無雙沒有?
So have you found your unique woman?這種事是可遇而不可求的
Easier said than done.曾己何時  我以為自己找到天下無雙
Once I thought I have found my unique.沒想到在她心目中
Turned out it was just我只不過是一廂相情願
my wishful thinking.我沒有你那麼好運氣
I am not fortunate like you.我覺得你不用那麼灰心
Don't give up.也許很快你就找到那個人
Maybe you'll find her soon.希望如此
I hope so.不過這麼多年來  我老這樣替自己打氣
You know how I cheer myself up all these years?碰到什麼挫折  我會跟自己說
Whenever I'm weary, I tell myself:我不過是俗世裏的一粒微塵
I am just a dust in the earthly air.天大煩惱  一個深呼吸
Just take one deep breath.就什麼都沒了
And all troubles will disappear真深啊!
Oh, it seems to be very difficult.不是那麼深的  你試一下
Not that difficult. You can try.抓緊拳頭  緊握你的傷心事
Hold your sorrow in your fist.然後深呼吸
Then inhale deeply.「噓」一聲  所有怨氣就都跑出來了
Let go and unleash all the bad vibes inside.行不行?
See?沒感覺
No different at all.你這樣  當然沒感覺
You're not doing it right.你要想著那些傷心難過的事  那才會有效
Think of something that makes you sad.那我再試試
Let me try again.有了! 有了!
It works!真的行?
Really?對! 絕對有!
Yes, it works.我痛苦就是沒飯吃肚子餓
My hunger was making me sad.可是現在我覺得特飽
Now I feel full.看來我也得試一下
Maybe I should give it a try.我也好飽
I feel full too.阿全  過來吃飯啦
Come and eat.婆婆  你真是好手藝!
Granny you cook so well!快點吃! 快點吃!
Quick!多吃點
Eat more.你胃口真好啊!
You really have good appetite!對呀  我想再來一碗呢
I want more.我幫你!
I'll get it for you.阿龍哥  你來瞧
"Good brother, come and see."小小竹筷是一雙
"Chopsticks come in pairs."同根生來並肩長
"Shoulder to shoulder,"好像你我一模樣
"Head to head: Just like the two of us."我的筷子要遭殃
"My chopsticks are in trouble."好賢弟  莫說笑
"Little brother, you are wrong."誰都比那牙籤強
"Toothpicks can't be strong."筷子不過是酒桌友
"Chopsticks are fun,"哪能比做咱哥倆
"But our friendship strongly runs."咱哥倆  有比方
"Our friendship truly runs,"像杯依酒壺配成雙
"As natural a couple as bottle and cup."共斟共飲共今宵
"One pours, one drinks, the night sinks."分明是一對傻鴛鴦
"Such a silly couple."酒壺胖  酒杯小
"The bottle fat, the cup small."不般不配怎成雙?
"Surely they can't be a couple."你看那湖中白鵝戲
"See the geese necking,"相隨相伴像我倆
"Sharing the fun we are having."今日游來明天烤
"Necking today, roasted tomorrow,"燒鵝的味道實在香
"The taste is very delicious."實在香
"Very delicious."一邊飲  一邊唱
"Singing and drinking,"天色將明話悠長
"The night is short, but our talk is long."酒兒越喝心越慌
"I am getting more and more worried."他為何不懂我心中想呀心中想
"How could I tell him my piece of mind."說者有意聽者癡
"Meaningful words are ill received."從來笨蛋活得長
"Blessed are those who refuse to see."不想明日是與非
"Forget tomorrow's right and wrong."今夜與你醉一場  醉一場
"We shall drink up whole night long."又怎麼了?
What's bothering you?沒有  剛才吃的太飽了
Nothing. I ate too much.這裏鄉下地方  還擔心你會吃不慣呢
I was worried you are not used to having peasant food.不會  其實吃什麼都無所謂
Actually, it is not the food that counts.最主要是跟誰在一起吃
It is the company.粗茶淡飯  一餐半餐你當然覺得新鮮
Yes, peasant food is good for novelty to you.將來你回到京城後  很快會不記得了
You'd soon forget all about this once you're in the Palace.有件事我想跟你說清楚
There is one thing I want to make clear.雖然我們是萍水相逢
We haven't known each other for long,但也算是患難之交
But we are real friends.我一直當你是好兄弟
And I treat you as my brother.我希望你坦白跟我說
I want you to tell me:你是不是真心喜歡我妹妹?
Are you truly in love with my sis?如果你是真心真意
If you are,我希望你跟我回去  免得我妹擔心
I want you to go back with me. So she needn't worry.如果你想玩游龍戲鳳
But if you are just fooling around,那不如我們就此分手
We must part here.以後我也不希望再見到你
And I don't want to see you again.我可只有這一個妹子
I have only one sis,我不希望她受到傷害
I don't want to see her hurt.其實我真的挺喜歡你妹妹
I like your sister a lot.不過我們真的不可能在...
But it is impossible for us...行了
That's it!沒事了
Done.我們好像注定跟這個地方有緣
It seems our paths are drawn to be crossed here.每次分手都會來到這裏
We part here every time.我覺得這兒的桃花很美
The peach blossoms here are beautiful.我跟他說  很想帶一枝回去做紀念
I told him I wanted to take a branch back as a memento.因為皇宮裏的桃花是永遠都不開的
The ones inside the Palace never flower.拿回去看看能不能接枝  春暖就會花開
Take it and see if it grows. It should flower when spring comes.記住要朝著陽光
Remember to place it in the sun.告辭了
Goodbye.沒義氣!
You scumbag!如果你有妹妹  我一定娶她!
I'd marry your sister if you have one!如果你是一個女的  我也會娶你!
I'd marry you if you were a woman!有意思! 如果你是女人  我也會娶你!
Great idea! I'd marry you if you were a woman!好!
Good!那我們一言為定!
This is a promise!我們以桃花為盟!
Let the peach blossoms be the token!好!以桃花為盟!
Let the peach blossoms be the token!我老實告訴你  我是個女的
Listen, I am really a woman.我們有過肌膚之親  我們有桃花為盟
We have shared a bed and we have peach blossoms as token.所以你非得娶我不可
You must marry me.你是一個女人?
You are a woman?你不相信?
You don't believe me?還不信?
Still?信了吧?
Any more doubts?你剛才可是有反應的
You responded just now.別跟我說你感覺不到
Don't tell me you don't have any feeling.做男人說過的就要算數
A man must keep his words.我不是人啊!
I am a beast!我對不起我妹妹!
I betrayed my sis!我橫刀奪愛!
I stole her love!最慘的是我會有感應
What's worse is that I do have the feeling.難怪一路都覺得怪怪的
No wonder I felt queer the whole time.你早點說嘛
You could have told me earlier.你叫我回去怎麼跟我妹妹解釋?
Now how am I going to explain this to sis?那我去解釋吧
I'll explain then.她一定會傷心啊
That would break her heart.反正錯都錯了
This cannot be undone.現在生米煮成熟飯
As things stand now,我想鳳姐她會諒解我們的
Phoenix will understand.那樣最好...
That'd be best...我從來沒想過要傷害她的
I'd never done anything to hurt her.難道情比金堅說的是真的?
Could Amour Amour be telling the truth?我們這段姻緣注定是要顛倒的
That we are destined to play our roles reversed?看來我一定要好好保護他才行
Seems like I must do my best to protect him.在過去的十天裏
In the past ten days,皇上跟我們的關係是越來越親密
The Emperor has been closer and closer to us.他的創意層出不窮
Also getting more and more creative.這飯一粒一粒真好吃
This is delicious.你覺得我設計怎麼樣?
Now what do you think of my design?皇上  我們都拿慣了刀
We are more used to carrying weapons現在拿這公事包...
Than briefcases...感覺有點怪怪的
It feels awkward.叫你們當專業人士嘛
But you are professionals now.那也不必要穿這麼高跟的鞋呀
With shoes like these?這個鞋叫做步步高陞鞋
These platform shoes以後這個設計在官場和商界
Will become tremendously chic...一定會大受歡迎的
In the near future.皇上
Your majesty你現在穿得倒有點像拖鞋王
Dresses a bit like a comic character.這成何體統啊?
Isn't this a bit unkempt?這個是我另外一個精心設計
This is another line of my designer series.我這身打扮  其實是為了試那個鳳姐
My costumes are meant to test Phoenix.如果她知道我是皇上而喜歡我
If she knows I am the Emperor and comes after me,一點也不奇怪
It is nothing special.我現在在這裏每天白吃白喝
If I am eating and drinking all the time,與世無爭  她都會愛我
And gradually becomes a gentleman of leisure, she still loves me,那表示她重視我的才華
Then it means she recognizes my talent!阿高哥!
Agogo!我來了!
Coming!幫我去打半斤醬油
Go buy some soy sauce for me please.好!
Yes!你們覺得我這龍鳳店
What do you think of our新女領班服裝怎麼樣? 還行吧?
new restaurant uniform? Not bad, huh?[DraPheonix Restaurant: Phoenix Li]除了這之外還有菜單
Apart from this, we'll have a new menu.有了這個  客人點菜就方便多了
So customers can order from here much easier.你真的是...
Dear, you are fabulous!他們腳上穿的步步高陞鞋啟發我新的靈感
The platform shoes gave me another inspiration.設計一雙深受女性愛戴的雞骨鞋
I have come up with the innovative Chicken Bone Shoes.這雙鞋的堅硬程度
Chicken Bone Shoes足足可以承受兩百斤以上的肥婆!
Can even support women weighing over 200 kg.真是太有天份了!
How talented you are!快去買醬油!
Go and get the soy sauce!你們剛看到了  她留意到我的天份
You just witnessed something. She likes my talent!今天晚上我再幫你們改一個造型!
New image for you guys tonight!不會吧?
Again? No!雙天至尊! 通殺!
The Ultimate! Dealer takes all!當今天下  誰敢在我面前號稱是至尊?
The Ultimate? In front of me?讓我教訓你們!
I'll show you something!"I Win!""I Loose!"好啊!
Yeah!"I Cheat!"鳳姐! 鳳姐!
Phoenix!我一直以為你只是在戲班懷才不遇
I thought you were an acting talent waiting to be discovered,真沒想到你跟這些市井賭徒一樣沉迷賭博
I didn't know you were a cheap gambler.其實我...
Actually...好了吧! 賭已經是不好了
Gambling is bad enough.你還去贏鄉民們的血汗錢!
And you take away these poor folks' money?好! 那我去還給他們!
OK! I'll return the money!鳳姐! 鳳姐!
Phoenix!我還給他們了  還加利息
Money returned with interest!其實我是想贏點錢  幫你修理這條金鏈子
Actually I wanted to make some money to repair your bracelet.誰的這只?
Whose bracelet is this?拿錯了  我去換!
Wrong one! I'll exchange.我不是有心的
I didn't mean it.有車牌嗎?
License number?沒有
No license.沒車牌你開車滿街亂跑?
Running around without a license?姓名  地址  保險箱密碼
Name. Address. Safe Deposit Box combination.小霸王的妹妹搶錢呀!
It's Bully the Kid's sister!你的金鏈子在這兒
Your bracelet is here.不過我自己加了點小小創意
I put in a bit of my touch.終於有人被我感動
My art strikes again,不過這次我不是演戲
But this time我是認真的
It is genuine.看來這次我不能再讓鳳姐犯錯誤
We must save Phoenix from her mistake!鳳姐  你在哪呢?
Phoenix, where are you?在這兒
Here. 鳳姐   什麼事?
 Phoenix.  What's wrong?我是代表龍哥來跟你說話的
I want to talk to you, on behalf of your brother.你既然同皇上那樣那樣
As you are so and so inclined towards the Emperor...那如果犯錯誤的話  又那樣那樣
If you make any mistake with Mr. Ko, it'd be so and so...龍哥又那樣那樣
Big brother would become so and so...一個女人怎麼能同時愛兩個男人  那樣那樣
A woman can't so and so with two men...我那樣那樣說完了
I so and so have finished.好你個臭小子!
You lousy chap!你別以為龍哥不在  就有機可乘
Don't ever think you can do whatever you want while Big brother isn't here?我可告訴你  鳳姐這次可要做皇妃了
Tell you what, Phoenix will be a Princess.皇妃?
Princess?是呀
Right.這次我們兄弟們要做大官  就全靠她了
And we would all go to the imperial City and get rich.你可別亂來!
Hold your horses!這位朋友這麼多話
Good friend,請你到外邊好好談一談
Care to step outside and have a word?好! 等我兩個朋友!
Let me get my two friends first.你那兩個朋友現在正在外面談著呢
Your friends are already having a word outside.臭小子  你給我等著!
You lousy chap, you just wait.在哪?
Where?在這!
Here!救命呀!
Help!我真的不認識他們
I really don't know them.你是不是搞錯了?
You got the wrong person.打!
Hit him!原來她是想做皇妃
She wants to be a princess?[Sacred Pavilion]你不是說不騙我嗎  怎麼又要騙我?
You said you were not going to lie to me again?我又沒騙你
I didn't lie.那你敢不敢把手放進爐裏?
Then put your hand in the fire.如果你對哥哥真情真意的話
If your heart is pure,你的手就不會燙傷的
You wouldn't be hurt.你敢嗎?
Do you dare?我敢!
Yes!伸呀
Do it then.不要哭  不要哭了
Don't cry! Don't!真心爐  如果我是真的喜歡高公子
Sacred Fire of Meilong...請你給我一個指示
Please tell me if I really love Mr. Ko?是不是在找燙傷藥?
Need some ointment?痛啊?
Does it hurt?試了那個爐  你有什麼樣啟示?
So, what did the fire tell you?我現在好混亂
I am confused.我想著你的時候  就燒傷我這左手
When I was thinking of you, this hand hurt.那我想著王相公時  又燒傷了我的右手
My other hand hurt when I was thinking of the Emperor.這是當然的
Of course.你心七上八下  哪裏來的真心呀?
How can you feel your heart when you are confused?如果你是真心的話
If your feeling is strong and truthful,根本就不用試那個爐了
Then you don't need this test.如果你去試那個爐
If you need to test yourself,就代表你根本不夠真心嘛
It means your love is not absolute.那我應該怎麼辦?
What should I do?全心全意  至真至誠
Be prepared to give all your heart.記不記得我跟你說過什麼?
Remember what I had told you before?我心中有你  你心中有我
You and me, each other in our hearts:天地之大小於塵埃
The universe is no larger than a speck of dust.我們兩個內心世界裏
Between us,再也容納不下其他的任何事物了
We have no space for anything else.親愛的
My dear,讓我帶你共創我們愛的世界
I shall lead you to our world of love.你不做皇妃了?
You don't want to be the princess anymore?不要了
No.我要找一個像我哥一樣的男人  四海為家
I will go for a man who like my brother is a wanderer.我不要去做宮中的金絲雀
I don't want to be locked up in a palace.好一個籠中鳥  金絲雀
Talk about locked up like a bird in a cage.朕要找的也是一個能夠
Being the Emperor, I also want to look for與我四海為家的女人
someone who can wander around with me.你又在演戲呀?
No more acting!這件事我一定要跟我哥講
I must tell brother about this.這是什麼?
What is this?不知道  剛地上撿的
No idea. I found it on the ground.要不要來一口?
Want to try?說真的
Really,你有沒有一個跟你長得差不多的親戚?
do you have a sibling like you?你不是說我是天下無雙嗎?
I thought I am unique?我說差不多的
I mean, somehow alike.我哥呀  跟你妹挺合適的
My elder brother, he'll be good for your sis.為什麼?
How come?他也特喜歡幫人擦背
He likes to rub backs.想不到堂堂一個天子也有這種嗜好
The Emperor is into that?想不到吧?
Unbelievable, ha?你見了他就知道了
Wait till you meet him.吃飯啦
Let's eat.是不是地震?
An earthquake?殺氣!
The smell of blood!我覺得有一陣陣殺氣逼近我們
A horrible force is closing in on us.還想什麼?
What else are you thinking?你妹妹會明白的
Your sis will understand.幹嘛?
What?糟啦  我感覺到殺氣了
Damn. I can feel something horrible is coming.哥!
Brother!哥  他們兩個在裏面會有事嗎?
Brother, do you think they'll be alright in there?當然沒事
Of course.打死不離親骨肉  好像我們這樣
They are siblings after all, like us.沒事的
They'd be fine.真的嗎?
You sure?真的
Sure.你身為一國之君  言而無信
You, leader of a country, did not keep a promise.對你母后的安排  陽奉陰違
Disobeyed your mother...教唆皇妹做一些違經逆典的行為
Solicited your royal sister to go astray...加上私訪江南  置天下子民不顧
Neglected your duties and went to Jiangnan.這種不忠  不孝  不仁  不義的行為
Being so disloyal and unfaithful,怎麼對得起列祖列宗?
How could you face your royal ancestors...怎麼面對百姓?
And your country...你現在還想跟這個不三不四
And you dare to wish閒花野草的女子私訂終身?
To marry this common woman!母后  她...
Queen Mother, she...還說!
Shut up!你敢?
Dare you?我要娶她!
I shall marry her!原來他才是皇上
So he is the Emperor?哥  你說我可以和他在一起嗎?
Do you think I can get marry with him?當然行! 你不記得爹說過?
Definitely! You remember what dad told us?說你的相長得好  大富大貴命
Your fate is to marry someone rich...不嫁給有錢人  也會嫁達官貴人
Or some sort of nobleman.哥  其實我並不想當皇妃
Brother, I don't really want to be a princess.我只要能跟他在一起就可以了
I just want to be with him.你們兩個跟我進去吧
Now you two follow me.今晚  我感受到一份真摯的愛情
Tonight I witnessed a true love令我皇兒勇往直前
That empowered my son.他終於長大成人
He has grown up.因此我  准許你入宮
I grant your marriage.我早說你行的!
I told you!下來! 下來!
Sweetie, come down!至於你  我查過
As for you,你的品德很差!
Your record shows a despicable character.太后! 無憑無據你可別聽人亂說!
Your Highness! Please don't believe hearsay!你自小無心向學
You were lazy at school,十四歲就聯群結黨出來做小混混
Joined the street gang at 14...在村子裏稱王稱霸
And became the bully of the village.兩年前  你離開梅龍鎮
Two years ago, you left Meilong說是闖蕩江湖  其實無所事事
To wander the world. But you did nothing.你脾氣暴躁  態度惡劣
You have bad temper and behave badly.粗心大意  目不識丁
You are careless and uneducated.所以你將來肯定是一事無成
So you must be a goodfornothing.所以  以你這樣的人品
So...我不能將公主嫁給你
I cannot grant you the Princess's hand.母后  他以前不好
Queen Mother, he might be bad不代表以後也不好
But people can change for the better.以後的事你不知道  我也不知道
We cannot foretell the future,倒不如讓老天來決定
I shall leave this to destiny.這一雙是先王留下來的天下無雙
Here, these are the Unique Destiny Rings left緣定今生的龍鳳配指環
By the late Emperor.真的有啊!
They really exist!這對指環是先王留給我
The late emperor left them for me,用來替你挑選駙馬的
To help you select your husband.如果他是你注定的丈夫
If he is your destiny,戴上後就不會掉下來
The ring will fit perfectly and will not fall out,代表你們永不分離
It is a symbol you will never part.你敢不敢試?
Will you take the test?敢!
I will!好!
Good!如果它掉下來
If the ring falls out,你答應我  以後永遠都不能見他!
You promise never to see him again!戴上它吧
Wear it.這輩子我們都不會分開了
We will never part again.看到了  他不是你緣定的夫君
See. He is not your destiny!他根本就配不起你!
This worthless man doesn't deserve you.你是敷不上牆的爛泥
You're worthless.你根本配不上!
You don't deserve her!哥!
Brother!我不能照顧你一輩子
I can no longer live with you any more以後你要靠自己了
You'll have to take care of yourself from now on.我一向是以四海為家
As I must take my leave and continue my wandering life.我知道你今天很開心  我感應得到
I am happy for you, I know you are.哥哥沒事了  你不信?
Believe me, I am fine.別走啊!
Don't go!攔住長公主!
Stop the Princess!別走啊!
Don't go!哥!
Brother!為什麼這樣對我哥哥?
Why do you do this to him?上次是咱們倆一起走的
Last time it was the two of us,這次有了皇嫂這個生力軍
Now that you have joined...我們兵分三路  太后一定沒轍
The three of us would be invincible.我們到梅龍鎮再會合
We'll meet up in Meilong.你幹嘛要去梅龍鎮?
Why Meilong?這樣你才可以在那認識嫂子
So that you can get to know her...嫂子也才可以在那等你認識她
And she'd be waiting there for you to get to know her.咱們在後花園集合出發
Let's pack and go.別抓我回去  行不行?
Wouldn't you let me go?這次我們要變一下  咱們清一色娘子軍
New tactics this time. Just women this time.我跟你走!
We leave together!我幹嘛要走?
Why should I leave with you?你不是跟長公主說你掛念我嗎?
You told the princess you missed me.所以我就來救你
I am here to save you.你是誰呀?
But who are you?我是你哥呀!
I am your brother!妹妹! 你沒事吧?
Sis, are you alright?來人! 拿藥來!
Get the medicine!你們是不是抓我抓上癮啦?
Are you people addicted to catching me or what?好! 這次我跟你走!
Great, this time I leave with you.你瘋了! 要我跟你出走?
Are you nuts, wanting me run away with you?根據野史記載  那年冬天
As the gossip went, when winter arrived...無雙長公主每日都在城樓徘徊
Princess Wushuang became totally lost in herself.有時自言自語  有時歡喜若狂
She had cut herself off.她不斷對人說  會有一個人來接她
She kept telling people someone was on his way for her.當時群醫束手無策
Medication did not help.有人說她是因為憂國憂民
Some said the country's burden...所以舉止失常
Has gotten her.也有人說  她其實是感情受創
Others said she was stricken down相思成狂
By love.皇太后
Your Majesty,我們是代表哲別王子送聘禮來的
Our prince would like to propose marriage.母后
Queen Mother,我哥跟長公主是真誠相愛
My brother and the Princess are truly in love.龍鳳配指環之事只不過是一個借口罷了
The ring was merely your excuse, wasn't it?母后  你何苦要拆散他們呢?
Queen Mother, why separate them?住口!
Enough!我寧願她嫁出去  做一個瘋皇妃
I would rather have a crazy Princess married away,也不要留一個傻公主在我身邊
Than have a silly one by my side.我能跟你喝酒當然高興!
I am so glad we're drinking again!那你這樣說就不對了
Now you're wrong to say that.老是在攪和
Don't say something else話又說回來呀  王相公
As we are on this topic...其實  真是你不對呀
Actually, it was your fault.上次你一聲不響就走了
Leaving without a word.不是想著你
Not that I miss you.不過多個人喝酒  好玩而已
But a company is good.你上次不辭而別  真是不太夠意思
It was just too much, leaving like that.不是吧?
Hell, you don't mean it!不是吧? 你掉進茅房裏?
You fell down the toilet?乾杯!
Cheers!我已經和我丈夫分開了
I broke up with my husband.是不是搬回來住?
Coming back for good?不是  我是路過這兒
No, I am on my way我打算去我姨媽家
To my aunt's village.這裏有些銀子
Take the money.你拿去路上用吧
You'll need it for your trip.你是不是又認識了一個女孩?
Have you met someone?這條手鏈本來就要送給你的
Take the bracelet too, I meant to give it to you.拿去吧
Take it.是我爹說你配不起我
It was my father said you didn't deserve me.我沒有說過你配不起我
I never said that.今天你才給我這鏈子
Why do you give me this bracelet today,為什麼以前不給?
But not in the past?龍哥!
Good brother.紫霞!
Zi Xia!紫霞說得對
Zi Xia was right.你每次都是怕人家嫌棄你
Every time you broke up because you were afraid of being abandoned.你就放棄這段感情
You gave up the love with Zi Xia,好像你和長公主的事一樣
Just like what you did with the Princess.你這三八! 一回來就嘮嘮叨叨
You busy body, as soon as you return, you keep on nagging...我和長公主的事關你屁事?
Whatever between me and the Princess, is none of your business.你的事當然不關我的事
I don't care about your business.但長公主的事就關我的事!
But the Princess's business is
my business!她八歲那年曾經救過一隻下凡受傷的玉兔
At age eight, she saved a Divine Rabbit from death.這隻玉兔在她悉心照顧之下回復健康
Under her care, the Divine Rabbit recovered.這隻玉兔為了報答她
From then on,就暗中處處保護她
The Rabbit saw to the Princess's well being.讓她事事化險為夷
Righting all wrongs for her.那你說長公主的事不關我的事?
And you tell me to mind my own business?扯什麼蛋?
Bullshit!假掰也好  真掰也好
Believe it or not,剛才紫霞還沒點醒你?
Just take heed.你是要娶長公主  又不是娶她老媽
You want to marry the Princess, who cares about the Queen Mother.長公主也沒說你配不上她
Did the Princess ever say that you don't deserve her?我知道你在想什麼
I know what you're thinking:你想就算長公主不嫌棄你
Even if the Princess doesn't mind,你戴不上那只戒指
The ring didn't fit you,也不能算真命天子是嗎?
so you're not her true love!想戴上這個戒指你就要記住
If you want the ring to fit, remember this:天高地大  知心只有一個
For your one and only love,愛一個人就要把自己豁出去
You must forget yourself.全心全意達到無我境界
Without worrying about your own being, nothing can stop you.長公主過兩天出嫁
The Princess is getting married in two days.給一個機會自己吧
Please give yourself a chance.龍哥
Good brother. 什麼事? 龍哥   幹嘛?
 What's the matter?  What's it?我不在這兩年
While I was away these past two years,情比金堅這小子是誰收的?
Who took this guy named Amour Amour in?他不是你找的兄弟嗎?
Wasn't he one of your friends?他比你早一天來過這兒  他說是你兄弟
He showed up a day before your return and claimed to be your friend.他究竟是什麼人呢?
Who on earth is he?情比金堅這個人到底是誰呢?
Who on earth is Amour Amour?有人說他是市井流氓
Some say he is a tramp.也有人說他是江湖術士
Others say he is a magician.更有一種說法  說他是手牽紅線
Another saying goes...掌管天下姻緣的月老僊子
Amour Amour is the goddess who match lovers together.這麼多年來  每次有什麼挫折
So far, I have taken care我都會安慰自己
Of all my weariness in a breath.一個深呼吸就算了
But the breath method但是這次  我知道是不行的
Has failed me this time.因為我已經試了好多次
No matter how hard I tried.我一直相信  人與人之間是有心靈感應
Before, I used to be able to detect my sis' vibes.以前是跟我妹  現在是跟另外一個人
Now, it is someone else.我感受到她很需要我
She is screaming for me inside.所以我決定離開
I left Meilong.大膽李一龍!
Li Yilong!竟敢冒犯無雙長公主?
You dare to offend Princess Wushuang?我不是來冒犯長公主的
I don't mean to offend her.我只是想跟她講幾句話
I just want to say a few words to her.前晚我碰到一個十幾年前的舊朋友
A couple of nights ago, I met an old friend,她點醒了我
And she enlightened me.我不應該因為其他人對我的看法
I shouldn't care other opinions on me,而去傷害一個我心愛的人
And hurt my beloved.我應該學你皇兄那樣
I should learn from your brother,就算熊熊烈火都不會退縮
Be brave and face challenges.今天  我要送這條鏈子給我的妻子
Today, I want to offer this bracelet to my wife.希望她會原諒我
I hope she would forgive me,我們永遠都不分開
And we can be together forever.李一龍  長公主已經走了
Li Yilong, the Princess has already gone.是皇上叫我放了她的
The Emperor told me to release her.剛才我一直猶豫不敢這麼做
Just now, I was hesitant to let her go.因為我怕太后知道會砍我的頭
I was afraid that her Highness would chop my head off.但是我看她一直哭
But the Princess cried all the time,越哭越像你的樣子
Looking more and more like you.我實在不忍心就把她放了
I couldn't stand it any longer and let her go.以後你要好好的對她
From now on, you take good care of her.很多時候  愛一個人愛得太深
Often, if one loves too deeply,人會醉
It is intoxicating.而恨的太久  心也容易碎
If one hates too deeply, the heart is easily broken.世間最痛苦的事莫過於等待
The most painful experience in life, however, is waiting.我不知道她等了我多久
I didn't know how long she waited.我一直以為我不會有機會再見到她
I thought all along I would never see her again.突然間  我不知道怎麼開口
Suddenly, I didn't know how to speak.不知道怎麼講那句話
I couldn't figure out how to say...告訴她  我真的很愛她
To tell her I really love her.你沒看見我在跟王相公說話嗎?
Can't you see I am chatting with her?滾開!
Get off!你放鬆點吧  你記住
Relax. Remember,你只不過是俗世中的一粒微塵
You're just a speck of dust.天地這麼大  一個深呼吸
A deep breath...就什麼煩惱都沒了
Will take all your unhappiness away.我是不會放棄的
I would never give up.因為你在我心目中
Because deep in my heart,永遠都是天下無雙
You will forever be the only one.我從來都沒想過
I never thought,當我再見到她的時候
When I saw her again,她已經變成另外一個人
She'd have become another person.她一直重複我的話
She just kept repeating my words...她以為她自己是我
She thought she was me.原來愛一個人愛得太深
It's true that if one loves too deeply,真的就醉了
It is intoxicating.說著說著  我變成另外一個人
As it happened, I too became another person.一個女人
A woman.你記不記得
Do you remember你曾經在這裏交了枝桃花給我?
You gave me a plum blossom branch here?你說春暖花開
You said when spring comes桃花還要面向陽光
The blossom branch should face the sun?沒錯  我還說過
Yes. I also said如果你是一個女人
If you were a woman,我一定會娶你為妻
I'd marry you.我老實告訴你
To tell you the truth,我是一個女人!
I am a woman!我們有過肌膚之親  桃花為盟
We shared a bed and we have a token...你一定要娶我為妻!
You must take me as your wife!我是答應過你
Indeed I promised...不過我配不上你
But I don't deserve you.因為我戴不上
Because...這對天下無雙  緣定今生龍鳳配指環
The Unique Destiny Rings fell off my finger.傻瓜!
Silly!戴龍鳳指環最要緊是達到無我境界
For the ring to fit, you must forget yourself.只要你記住
Just think of me我永遠都是你的天下無雙就行了
As your sole destiny.試試吧!
Try it!戴上它  我們一輩子都不分開
Wear it and we'll never be apart!是不是? 我早就說可以了!
You see? I said it would work!原來塵世間有很多煩惱是很容易解決的
So many earthly worries are easily solved.有些事只要你肯反過來看
When you are willing to see certain things differently,你會有另外一番光景
You get another perspective.我終於明白 「鏡花水月」是什麼意思
I eventually understood, what "Mirage" meant.其實情之所至
When it comes to true love,應該你中有我  我中有你
Two people blend into each other.誰是男  誰是女
Who cares who's the man又有什麼關係呢?
And who's the woman?兩個人在一起開心不就行了
As long as we are happy together, that's fine.今天她是小霸王
Today she is Bully the Kid,可能明天又輪到我了
Maybe it will be my turn tomorrow.桃花開了! 桃花開了!
The peach blossoms are blooming! They're blooming!皇妹說得對  春暖花開
The Princess was right. The time has come for the flowers to bloom.我想她一定找到自己喜歡的人了
I guess she must have found her true love!笑就笑吧  別裝蒜了
Laugh all you can, don't play dumb.來啦  乖
Come, my love!是不是很溫馨?
Isn't this wonderful?The End字幕制作：@你的傲慢我的偏见禀告太后!皇上和长公主又要密谋逃走了! 截住他们!   遵旨!待会咱们就分头溜出宫去免得两个人走太招摇然后咱们在江南的梅龙镇会合光天化日我们这样走  行不行?没问题!皇上  你就这样走的话宫中岂不是群龙无首吗?怎么会?母后这么精明  什么事一天到晚都要管就让她拿主意好了别在这碍手碍脚!这班人在我眼中  只不过是一群饭桶皇上在我眼中  何尝不是一个粽子?你们这些奴才  可恶!放我下来!你们都是饭桶!怎么可以让长公主跑掉了?奴才该死!你们这些废物!拦住了皇上  却让长公主不见了皇上出宫  最多闹点荒唐事长公主出宫  一旦出什么问题我大明皇族颜面何存?到底长公主是怎么跑掉的?应该跟我们的部门无关吧根据野史记载当日长公主是施展大内神功用独步灵犀的绝世轻功飞出了皇城但根据东厂的秘密档案2046调查报告白皮书所说这个嘛...无双长公主当日是施展了她日后独步武林  脍炙人口的铁头神功撞破城门而去!不过  这些都不是事实根据当日现场目击者的口供长公主是轻轻松松  无惊无险的从大明门走着走着就走出去了以上是本台的报导混账!随便走走就出了皇宫!那外面的人  不也是随便走走就进了宫?立刻追她回来!遵旨!你连多走一步的勇气都没有怎么能够成为一国之君呢?这棵桃花  自从先帝去世之后这么多年来一直都没有开花肯定他在天之灵  担心着这对儿女的将来对不起!抢我东西! 给我站住!好样儿的  等我喘过气来我一定追到你!我很多年前的外号叫小霸王任何人都可以很霸道只要他够无聊两年前  我决定浪迹天涯说好听的就是飘泊江湖难听的就是无业游民今天我碰到一个很无聊的朋友他准备跟马贼打架我立刻答应了他们因为我比他更无聊龙哥  今天怎么这个造型?我长得太好看了我希望在杀气方面能够加强点当那些敌人一看到我就知道我身经百战!加了大疮就能增加你的杀气吗?不是  这大疮是我吃麻辣火锅吃出来的弟兄们  为了保住我们的地盘这一仗  我们一定要赢!杀!给我冲!兄弟们  冲呀!我们赶时间呀  大人你们不要吵!你们这帮小喽啰在公共场所持械私斗官差大人  我们都是认识的不是私斗  不是打架你知不知道大明法例?三个人以上就是非法集会!带一公斤以上的兵器就是非法藏械!大人  我这把刀用来刮脚皮  才十两重十两?上磅!十两?你不到一米八  会有三百斤重?搜他!你干嘛带把琵琶?江湖生活  刀光剑影有把琵琶  时不时拿出来唱唱歌舒缓一下情绪你讲这么多话干嘛?我现在多告你一条超速罪!我几时超速呀?看!在我们的高速扫瞄仪器侦测下当时你的表情标准已经超出了时速一百二十公里你能不能画这么快呀?你敢低估这部仪器?拿来!这架高速扫瞄仪器精密之处就在于里面有个高速扫瞄人员该死了吧?厉害吧  还有更精彩的这张是你骑马途中挖鼻屎的样子而这张是你百般无聊等待对方出现挖屁股的样子这张是你洗澡的样子这张是女人!是吗?对不起这张是青花阁小菁送给我的总之你死定了  李一龙!我的妆化成这样你也认得我?你化成灰我都认得出你!你就是梅龙镇大厨金菜刀的儿子!你怎么知道我这么多?我怎会不知道?别动!你小时候就流着鼻涕去打穿人家窗户长大了就联群结党去凌辱村民简直是神憎鬼厌!你到底是谁?你的易容术是谁教你的?陈校长?刚才没了胡子你就不认识我枉我一番心血教导你知不知错?知道知道又怎么样?打五十下手板本来就是打五十大板但是你妆化得乱七八糟  多打三十!在这个时候  我想起陈校长说过在外面游历的浪子就好像秋天的落叶一样当秋风过后 他们就会落地归根不知道家乡的那棵树的叶子落了没有?也不知道家乡的人有没有想着我?他虽然很用力的打我但我知道他的心很痛他说他不想见到我其实是给我一条路走我很感激你  陈校长!凤姐  怎么了?杀气我感觉到有一股杀气小霸王回来了!别以为...去年义弟对我说被龙凤店那个臭婆娘教训了一顿我还以为多厉害  原来是这等货色你哪位?我是江湖号称千手如来铁掌无敌左冷禅我今天来是为我义弟报仇的铁掌无敌! 让我来!  无敌?根据左冷禅的《江湖血泪史》描述当时的情形其实是这样的我栽在小霸王兄妹手上我除了败在... 不  Sorry我栽在小霸王兄妹手上其实不是这个版本他们用乱棍打我用街头霸王四十二式最残酷那招!我就栽在一张折椅上现在还经常会出血不打啦! 不打啦!我怕了你们俩! 不打啦!好吃吗?一碗用爱心做出来的面能不好吃吗?不行!比老妈的手艺差得远了我走了两年  你一点长进也没有?学学我嘛!你看妈死之前  给你这条手链是希望你遇到一个人娶了她  把它送掉都忘了吧?说我? 你那条呢?说你这人没长进你以为我不想?整个村的人谁不知道你是我哥?还有谁敢追我?你可别赖我!不看你自己像个男人婆似的谁敢追!你看我  从头到脚哪个地方像男人?先生请问你  这附近有客栈吗?趁早死吧你!对不起所以说  你就别赖你哥吓走那些乡民为了证实与我无关我现在就去看望他们龙哥请我喝喜酒?我代表乡民把这绝交信交给你信里写得清清楚楚希望你以后千万别找我们从此以后  大家河水不犯井水你有病呀?一点都不顾别人感受?既然信里写得清清楚楚用不着你再口述一次吧?去死吧你!龙哥!黑猪!别以为这里没有人喜欢我很久没见了  这位是?也就只有这些畜生愿意跟你交朋友连名字都叫猪朋狗友龙哥!他的名字可不叫畜生快告诉凤姐  你的名字叫什么?情比金坚!不是外号  真名呀!罗曼蒂克!看到妹妹一身男人打扮  我完全可以理解当一个女人极度渴望她的意中人出现但是又没出现她的潜意识就会令她装扮心目中那个人我感应到她是因为我们从小就有心灵感应我知道她现在想什么真棒! 感应到哥哥了?真的感应到?有眼屎也不擦掉好  替你找个老公!我小霸王李一龙叫大家来是为了一件事我知道你们不爱搭理我老实说  我也不爱搭理你们但你们不可以因为我而对我妹妹有偏见今天跟大家说就是要帮我妹妹找一个真心爱她的男人如果他经得起我们梅龙镇那个万试万灵的真心炉考验无论是乞丐还是皇帝伸手进去又烧不到的话证明他是真心不怕红炉火我就会把我妹妹嫁给他而我阿龙...就会离开梅龙镇这辈子都不回来!谁敢来试?我! 我! 我! 我!这么踊跃?没一个是真心真意喜欢我妹妹的你们全都想我走!活该全变成烧猪手!好! 不帮我妹妹找到好男人我是不会离开梅龙镇太感动了!龙哥这番话令我想起《大话西游》里面孙悟空他说过曾经有一碗热辣辣的烧猪手面摆在面前但我没有珍惜到面凉了之后才后悔莫及尘世间最痛苦的事莫过于此你说这话跟龙哥说的话有关系吗?一点都没关系可我感动嘛各位乡亲父老为了答谢大家多年来对龙凤店的厚爱龙凤店今天实行八折酬宾而且推出龙凤鸳鸯包与及超级无敌炸腊肠套餐头三位客人还加送神秘礼物千万别错过!你这混蛋!我酬宾  又不是要你捐款!龙哥  我已经吃过午饭了宵夜和晚饭不用吃?来! 来!妹妹  有人心脏病呀!你混蛋装死?凤姐  龙哥这样做还不是为了多帮你一些一个客人都没有  要他帮什么?他像支杀虫水一样堵在门口连苍蝇都不飞进来了好! 走着瞧!小霸王来了! 快走!龙哥  你不是故意捉弄我吧?故意作弄? 我来关照你!但是我的客人全都跑去关照你的店了这批不走怎会有第二批呢?你老坐在这儿  哪还有人敢来?向右不行  向左也不行前面还有个挡道的奇怪  我的心怎会跳得这么厉害?难道是妹妹?原来真是她看到那位公子心跳得碰碰响好! 让哥哥帮你安排这段姻缘掌柜的  快点!老兄  好身手!坐下喝杯酒!当时我们的距离是七公尺零八公分在不够四分之一柱香的时间  我做了一个决定我看他人品不错  身手也挺好所以我决定把他介绍给我妹妹当时我距离这个人是三公尺零八公分但在不到四分之一柱香的时间里我做了一个影响终生的决定既然我身上的银两没了这个傻冒儿又说要请客所以  我决定吃死他当时我的心情乱到不知道那个距离有几公分连香都不用点  我就做出了一个决定我一找到机会  就放泻药拉死他们!这位相公非常特别我从来没见过我哥这么热情招待一位客人从那天开始他们每天在小泉居喝酒聊天看来他不只吸引了我哥  还吸引了我你肚子很饿? 吃块鸡我们梅龙镇的鸡非常好吃我的酒呢?与龙哥共举杯萍水相逢作朋友世间相聚不容易请你再饮这杯酒好贤弟  庆相逢一见如故说风流投缘就是好兄弟今夜与你喝个够与龙哥称兄弟千杯不醉乐悠悠楼台近水月当空酒逢冤家又何求好贤弟  喝一杯人生梦醒再回首百年好酒千杯少那怕老板要我走关我什么事?金镶玉  凤求凰人间最难配成双天下知己当你我只恨时光太匆忙说不完  喝不够最难得是好朋友酒逢知己千杯少只恨时光太匆忙龙兄这儿虽然又吃又住招呼周到  不过...我想我还是该走了不错天下没有不散的筵席再这么下去  我也不知能顶多久开始我以为我请你一顿你怎么也得回请我一顿结果顿顿都是我请不过我不是一个小器的人我只不过是一个有什么就说什么的人我知道你一定有困难这儿有些银子  你拿去吧根据无双长公主日后出版的回忆录《我和小霸王的一段情》里记载当晚  当小霸王抱着她的时候她经历了人生中一个极度难忘的时刻她第一次有心跳的感觉但是  在小霸王的回忆录中对那晚的描述又是另一个版本多多保重!不过  根据小泉居老板的回忆录《誓不低头》[我与小霸王对抗三十年]里面描述其实情形是这样的当晚很混乱  也不知道谁抱着谁场面极度感人送完又送  抱完又抱又抱又送  依依不舍反正就是没完没了送君千里终须一别我还是不送了送君千里终须一别不知不觉都送了你一个月再送就送到你家了这次真的不送了保重!哥  其实两个人吃饭还是没有三个人吃饭开心妹妹  你别发愁我知道你想着王相公  我有办法什么办法?这玩意是我这几年闯荡江湖时学回来的叫做念力如果你想那个人出现只要你集中精神看同一点看着看着它就会出现了哥  看这么久你累不累呀?当然累  我现在全身肌肉都僵了连眼皮都合不上  快帮我找大夫快! 这么早?  对呀先坐  煮碗面给你吃又回来看看?对那你随便天下知己当你我只恨时光太匆忙说不完  喝不够最难得是好朋友酒逢知己千杯少只恨时光太匆忙阿龙哥  举目瞧举目瞧那太阳月亮又一双又一双日夜更替紧相随紧相随相辉相映如我俩情比金坚  什么名?不喝了!这死鬼的真名叫正德王参见圣上!平身!小王八蛋  我拿刀砍死你!看你样子  该到婚娶的时候了为何尚未成亲?我没找到如意郎君如意郎君?你当自己是女人?我就是女人!那我妹妹岂不是男人?是呀  每个人看到我都叫我先生我扮给你们看  等一下像不像个男人?像!看我的我像不像个女人?好像!轮到我!我们耍一套虎鹤相形拳给王相公看!哥  你这个女装真是太美了完了!我这样一个金枝玉叶  跟他有了肌肤之亲他日怎么向母后交代?他是一介莽夫  而我堂堂一个长公主母后怎么会答应呢?人妖!忘了换衣服先刷牙吧你哥神里神经的他以前也不是这个样子自从他被那个富家小姐抛弃之后才性情大变的其实那个富家小姐小时候家里也是没钱的她跟她的阿爷住在村尾有一年  她摔断了腿我哥每天背着她走二十多里地去看大夫还帮她做好晚饭  送她回家后来她爹在京城里发了财便觉得我哥配不上她让他们断绝了来往我哥伤心之下  被迫出外闯荡世界其实我知道  他是不想留在这个伤心地他总希望有一天可以在外面碰见她那怕是只看她一眼  他就好满足了你干嘛?刚刚洗完脸  顺便擦擦背要不要洗个脚?你这样好像我爹啊满嘴冒泡以前  我娘也是这样帮我爹擦背的喂! 一起出去逛街!这个盆里的水呢是从天山姻缘洞里拿来的可以照到尘世间种种奇异的姻缘能不能照出十二指肠和胃溃疡呀?以为戴个假胡子我就不认得你是那个什么情比金坚?龙哥  我只是做兼职也不能天天全职当流氓呀不过这个盆呢个个试过都说灵是吗?照照我们看照照看是啊  你们的缘份可以做闺中姐妹 好呀! 好呀!  你胡说什么?那再照照我们俩你们两个呢  就可以做夫妻了妹妹!滚一边去! 待会儿跟你算帐!妹妹!真是笑死我了两个男人怎么可以结为夫妻呢?不是啊  你们刚才照的时候那水面震的好厉害影子不断的摇动这个就叫做“镜花水月”似真非真  似假非假你会跟水影中的阿龙有段姻缘但是你不会和你身边这个既不高大又不矮小的阿龙有结果你说什么?当你得到那对天下无双缘定今生龙凤配指环的时候你就会得到“镜花水月”里面真心爱你的人记住  这种宿世姻缘叫做桃花树下千里姻缘一线牵记住  桃花树下你耍我?我不是开玩笑  长公主皇兄正德皇收工啦!吓死我了长公主?他怎么知道我是女人?疯疯癫癫的老大爷我被人跟踪  麻烦你帮我挡挡没问题  长公主你是谁?微臣赵飞退休前御临军教头本次是受太后之托  秘密出来微服追查长公主下落太后密旨不得惊动这里的地方官  希望不要...不许叫!不许跟着我!别跟着我!知府大老爷的公子你都敢撞?你还左看右看?我在跟你说话呢!是不是想我抓你回去?千万不要泄露身份他们带长公主去衙门  我们跟她一起去哥  他们把王相公抓去会不会毒打一顿?不会你刚才不见突然多了一些人帮王相公我觉得有古怪对呀跟我来他们都是大内高手一定会保护长公主的安全!别吵!究竟刚才谁有份咬我的耳朵?没人敢认是吧?过会我爹出来  你们就知道味道!爹!你们这班江洋大盗  简直目无王法竟敢殴打本官!有什么不敢?我们都是江湖上的金牌打手!什么金牌打手?我家主人  朱字头!山东响马猪油渣嘛再打!我说错了吗?知府大人说这件事情不属于刑事殴打只不过是一宗民事诉讼本衙门不接受这个案子马上把这些人全给我放了!你是谁? 你说放就放?这位公子这么多话请你出来到后面谈一谈怕你呀? 进就进!阿成! 阿权! 阿龙! 阿昌! 阿强! 阿达!统统进来!啥事?走吧!住嘴! 别跟着我!参见长公...不准叫!参见长公...不准叫!不要惊动乡民叫便服侍卫贴身保护长公主离开本镇我们会在三里外的山坡上接应是你到底什么人?我要走了走?那我妹怎么办? 泡完溜?我才是被人那个那个呢一龙  听我说你记住今天我跟你说的话说!那天我们大家喝醉了  有了肌肤之亲这是铁一般的事实做男人不可以推卸责任的对呀!做丈夫的要对妻子千依百顺呵护备至  温柔体贴别跟她顶嘴应该是女人对男人才对呀别抢对白! 让他说完!老婆是用来爱护的她可能娇生惯养一点有时又很调皮  你就迁就她一下我不是这个样子的!别吵! 等我把话讲完!如果你可以做到这样就是个好丈夫了  知道吗?你跟我说这些干什么? 你跟你自己说!我会回来接你的你接我干嘛? 你接她才对!没事吧?王相公  你搁错肩膀哭吧?你上京吧他都不理我我不是说你我真的走了你一定要回来你做的菜这么好吃  我一定会再回来的你怎么了?我以为  他抱着我的时候...我会很兴奋但我为什么没有一种心跳的感觉?这是怎么回事?那么多朝廷命官护着他他到底是什么人?我记得他有个包袱在这儿你在这儿小便!龙哥  不是呀  大狗在拉屎!龙哥... 我来拿! 我来拿!干什么?龙哥...别吵! 紧张时刻!他是皇上?我跟皇上打过滚?凤姐男朋友是皇帝!凤姐男朋友是皇帝...凤姐要做皇妃啦情比金坚  你到哪去?我有事  一会儿再回来找你走! 全给我走!我最讨厌人势利眼!以前不见你们对我妹妹这么好?现在才来巴结龙凤店不做你们生意!龙哥  外面传得很厉害说皇上都在玩弄你的妹妹皇上不是那种人我跟他生活过一段时间我很了解他我不会让我妹妹沦为玩偶的我明天就上京找皇上奴才该死!分明是一派胡言!大风能把长公主吹走吗?如果不把长公主找回来你们就人头不保!母后息怒!孩儿只是想请示母后请母后准许孩儿带大内密探一起去把皇妹找回来希望有个戴罪立功的机会以表示孩儿对母后的歉意你去吧谢母后!做皇帝也是需要有点演技的这次终于可以出去走走哥!哥!凤姐看到我哥吗? 我找一早上都没找到他我刚刚在桥头上还看到他他好像去找王相公找王相公?又是你?我靠! 你以为你是谁?又来找龙哥麻烦?自从上次之后我回去苦练我的刀法终于  让我领悟到无敌鸳鸯刀这次来  是想再领教你们兄妹俩这套剑法  莫非是失传的...没错  这就是眉来眼去剑法!这套剑法精粹就是刚中带柔厮杀之中闪着无限的温馨以勾魂摄魄的眼神置对手死于无形之中!实在太邪!我要再加强功力!好! 我也要加强功力!喂! 借我点眼神! 我?  来!好一朵江南小野花!最多就是这样了这个行不行?不要逼我  不要这样  够了还不行?这个行不行?我们给你眼神!行!我的链子都断了小心! 这刀有毒!不把毒血吸出来  麻烦就大了!我第一次感觉到爱情的心跳可是在这生死关头我竟然开始胡思乱想我知道她在胡思乱想我要比她更胡思乱想!高公子在干什么?可能是在胡思乱想吧今天 从这个高公子口中知道他原来是戏班唱戏的就像我哥一样  四海为家晚上  他又突然回来了说怕左冷禅再出现  要贴身保护我我没办法拒绝他因为他有一种令人无法抗拒的威严睡不着?不是别胡思乱想了  睡吧我不会做出不君子的越轨行为又怎么了?胳膊冷那我手搭你身上好不好?随便你冷吗?一点点要不要... 把手借给你?也好现在有没有暖一点?暖一点  不过脚有点冷那搭在一起吧不如我们抱紧一点好了好了  现在可以睡觉了不要胡思乱想啦你觉不觉得有点热?对呀  怎么多了这么多手手脚脚?你们给我出去!不是说你呀  凤姐!凤姐! 凤姐! 公子!  放手!你们在搞什么东西?贴身保护!皇上  你一直跟太后说出来是来找长公主的可是你一出来就找女人你说你这个事情如果给太后知道了那我们可就惨了各位大哥啊其实我比你们还更惨呀我一出生就没得挑  就要做皇帝其实我是一个天真活泼充满创意的年轻人我最大的理想就是改变这个世界!皇上  你什么意思?其实我的意思就是不拘小节以后君臣之间  大家见面时就握握手要不然就敬个礼再不然...刚刚的感觉是不是很亲切?皇上!乖!我那感人的演技  又再一次成功了就凭我生平绝学草上飞轻功三日之内就可到达皇宫我在这儿呢! 我来啦!  别跳过来!叫了你了  还是往里掉你怎么会在这儿? 我啊  我是来找...  我呀?要不然咱们大声喊救命吧得了吧男人大丈夫轻易向人求救的吗?让我用草上飞的轻功救你出去吧其实我的轻功在烂泥里很难发挥的等晒几天  泥巴干了就好了放心  雨过之后就会天晴渴死啦  我好想喝水所以说你不够江湖经验那天下雨  你看我嘴张那么大就知道了先喝一点存起来怎么了你?我喝得太多了  尿急肚子饿先吃片叶子那你干嘛不吃? 嫌脏吧我才没你那么笨你还叼着呢喂  把嘴伸过来快点!好点了吧?你哭啦?别浪费  留点给我!咸是咸了点  但可以顶得住你别笑  继续哭一滴不够喝的虽然  我是金枝玉叶从小被很多人万般宠爱原来都比不上这个男人在这一刻对我的关怀放心! 风风雨雨过后就...不要再说啦再说我们就得遭雷劈啦她说打雷的嘛你劈我干什么?老婆婆  你已经看了我们两个时辰了到时候救我们呀我也是在考虑呀有没有这个能力可以救你们?那还不快点去找人!好!在她说完这个“好”字之后五个时辰她不过走了不到十公尺鹅呀鹅  如果你有灵性就快点找人来救我们如果你救了我们我以后立法  全国禁止吃烧鹅!这一只就有灵性了你这呆头鹅! 叫你带人来你带群鸭子来干什么?别往我头上拉屎走开!有人来了!老婆婆  我在这儿! 这边!我不是不想找人救我们但我想两个人能这样在一起为什么还要让第三个人出现?大家兄弟一场以后还会做亲戚的这件事关系到我妹妹的终身幸福你老实跟我说  你身体有没有缺陷?没有没有?那你为什么不肯跟我一起洗澡?大家都是男人大丈夫  一起洗澡没问题呀我不习惯跟人一起洗澡你不习惯跟人一块儿洗那你可以自己洗呀我不习惯像你这样蹲着洗呀你怎么知道我是蹲着洗澡?你偷看我?用得着偷看吗?门都没有  怎么洗?那倒是  你身为一国之君怎么能叫你在街上蹲着洗澡呢?这样看来是没办法了不如这样吧  我帮你擦背 不能擦! 不行!  不用客气擦两下舒服点擦这儿行了  其它地方不能擦为什么你跟你妹都这么喜欢帮人擦背?当你是自己人才替你擦要是换了别人  我理都不理你真算运气好找到一个像我妹这么好的女孩那你自己为什么不找一个?我哪有你运气好? 没有了像我妹这么好的女孩子世界没有第二个了那倒也不一定你这么说可就不对了你喜欢一个人就应该对她真心真意正所谓情有独钟就算她怎么平凡在你心目中应该是独一无二天下无双才对那你找到你的天下无双没有?这种事是可遇而不可求的曾己何时  我以为自己找到天下无双没想到在她心目中我只不过是一厢相情愿我没有你那么好运气我觉得你不用那么灰心也许很快你就找到那个人希望如此不过这么多年来  我老这样替自己打气碰到什么挫折  我会跟自己说我不过是俗世里的一粒微尘天大烦恼  一个深呼吸就什么都没了真深啊!不是那么深的  你试一下抓紧拳头  紧握你的伤心事然后深呼吸“嘘”一声  所有怨气就都跑出来了行不行?没感觉你这样  当然没感觉你要想着那些伤心难过的事  那才会有效那我再试试有了! 有了!真的行?对! 绝对有!我痛苦就是没饭吃肚子饿可是现在我觉得特饱看来我也得试一下我也好饱阿全  过来吃饭啦婆婆  你真是好手艺!快点吃! 快点吃!多吃点你胃口真好啊!对呀  我想再来一碗呢我帮你!阿龙哥  你来瞧小小竹筷是一双同根生来并肩长好像你我一模样我的筷子要遭殃好贤弟  莫说笑谁都比那牙签强筷子不过是酒桌友哪能比做咱哥俩咱哥俩  有比方像杯依酒壶配成双共斟共饮共今宵分明是一对傻鸳鸯酒壶胖  酒杯小不般不配怎成双?你看那湖中白鹅戏相随相伴像我俩今日游来明天烤烧鹅的味道实在香实在香一边饮  一边唱天色将明话悠长酒儿越喝心越慌他为何不懂我心中想呀心中想说者有意听者痴从来笨蛋活得长不想明日是与非今夜与你醉一场  醉一场又怎么了?没有  刚才吃的太饱了这里乡下地方  还担心你会吃不惯呢不会  其实吃什么都无所谓最主要是跟谁在一起吃粗茶淡饭  一餐半餐你当然觉得新鲜将来你回到京城后  很快会不记得了有件事我想跟你说清楚虽然我们是萍水相逢但也算是患难之交我一直当你是好兄弟我希望你坦白跟我说你是不是真心喜欢我妹妹?如果你是真心真意我希望你跟我回去  免得我妹担心如果你想玩游龙戏凤那不如我们就此分手以后我也不希望再见到你我可只有这一个妹子我不希望她受到伤害其实我真的挺喜欢你妹妹不过我们真的不可能在...行了没事了我们好像注定跟这个地方有缘每次分手都会来到这里我觉得这儿的桃花很美我跟他说  很想带一枝回去做纪念因为皇宫里的桃花是永远都不开的拿回去看看能不能接枝  春暖就会花开记住要朝着阳光告辞了没义气!如果你有妹妹  我一定娶她!如果你是一个女的  我也会娶你!有意思! 如果你是女人  我也会娶你!好!那我们一言为定!我们以桃花为盟!好!以桃花为盟!我老实告诉你  我是个女的我们有过肌肤之亲  我们有桃花为盟所以你非得娶我不可你是一个女人?你不相信?还不信?信了吧?你刚才可是有反应的别跟我说你感觉不到做男人说过的就要算数我不是人啊!我对不起我妹妹!我横刀夺爱!最惨的是我会有感应难怪一路都觉得怪怪的你早点说嘛你叫我回去怎么跟我妹妹解释?那我去解释吧她一定会伤心啊反正错都错了现在生米煮成熟饭我想凤姐她会谅解我们的那样最好...我从来没想过要伤害她的难道情比金坚说的是真的?我们这段姻缘注定是要颠倒的看来我一定要好好保护他才行在过去的十天里皇上跟我们的关系是越来越亲密他的创意层出不穷这饭一粒一粒真好吃你觉得我设计怎么样?皇上  我们都拿惯了刀现在拿这公事包...感觉有点怪怪的叫你们当专业人士嘛那也不必要穿这么高跟的鞋呀这个鞋叫做步步高升鞋以后这个设计在官场和商界一定会大受欢迎的皇上你现在穿得倒有点像拖鞋王这成何体统啊?这个是我另外一个精心设计我这身打扮  其实是为了试那个凤姐如果她知道我是皇上而喜欢我一点也不奇怪我现在在这里每天白吃白喝与世无争  她都会爱我那表示她重视我的才华阿高哥!我来了!帮我去打半斤酱油好!你们觉得我这龙凤店新女领班服装怎么样? 还行吧?除了这之外还有菜单有了这个  客人点菜就方便多了你真的是...他们脚上穿的步步高升鞋启发我新的灵感设计一双深受女性爱戴的鸡骨鞋这双鞋的坚硬程度足足可以承受两百斤以上的肥婆!真是太有天份了!快去买酱油!你们刚看到了  她留意到我的天份今天晚上我再帮你们改一个造型!不会吧?双天至尊! 通杀!当今天下  谁敢在我面前号称是至尊?让我教训你们!好啊!凤姐! 凤姐!我一直以为你只是在戏班怀才不遇真没想到你跟这些市井赌徒一样沉迷赌博其实我...好了吧! 赌已经是不好了你还去赢乡民们的血汗钱!好! 那我去还给他们!凤姐! 凤姐!我还给他们了  还加利息其实我是想赢点钱  帮你修理这条金链子谁的这只?拿错了  我去换!我不是有心的有车牌吗?没有没车牌你开车满街乱跑?姓名  地址  保险箱密码小霸王的妹妹抢钱呀!你的金链子在这儿不过我自己加了点小小创意终于有人被我感动不过这次我不是演戏我是认真的看来这次我不能再让凤姐犯错误凤姐  你在哪呢?在这儿 凤姐   什么事?我是代表龙哥来跟你说话的你既然同皇上那样那样那如果犯错误的话  又那样那样龙哥又那样那样一个女人怎么能同时爱两个男人  那样那样我那样那样说完了好你个臭小子!你别以为龙哥不在  就有机可乘我可告诉你  凤姐这次可要做皇妃了皇妃?是呀这次我们兄弟们要做大官  就全靠她了你可别乱来!这位朋友这么多话请你到外边好好谈一谈好! 等我两个朋友!你那两个朋友现在正在外面谈着呢臭小子  你给我等着!在哪?在这!救命呀!我真的不认识他们你是不是搞错了?打!原来她是想做皇妃你不是说不骗我吗  怎么又要骗我?我又没骗你那你敢不敢把手放进炉里?如果你对哥哥真情真意的话你的手就不会烫伤的你敢吗?我敢!伸呀不要哭  不要哭了真心炉  如果我是真的喜欢高公子请你给我一个指示是不是在找烫伤药?痛啊?试了那个炉  你有什么样启示?我现在好混乱我想着你的时候  就烧伤我这左手那我想着王相公时  又烧伤了我的右手这是当然的你心七上八下  哪里来的真心呀?如果你是真心的话根本就不用试那个炉了如果你去试那个炉就代表你根本不够真心嘛那我应该怎么办?全心全意  至真至诚记不记得我跟你说过什么?我心中有你  你心中有我天地之大小于尘埃我们两个内心世界里再也容纳不下其他的任何事物了亲爱的让我带你共创我们爱的世界你不做皇妃了?不要了我要找一个像我哥一样的男人  四海为家我不要去做宫中的金丝雀好一个笼中鸟  金丝雀朕要找的也是一个能够与我四海为家的女人你又在演戏呀?这件事我一定要跟我哥讲这是什么?不知道  刚地上捡的要不要来一口?说真的你有没有一个跟你长得差不多的亲戚?你不是说我是天下无双吗?我说差不多的我哥呀  跟你妹挺合适的为什么?他也特喜欢帮人擦背想不到堂堂一个天子也有这种嗜好想不到吧?你见了他就知道了吃饭啦是不是地震?杀气!我觉得有一阵阵杀气逼近我们还想什么?你妹妹会明白的干嘛?糟啦  我感觉到杀气了哥!哥  他们两个在里面会有事吗?当然没事打死不离亲骨肉  好像我们这样没事的真的吗?真的你身为一国之君  言而无信对你母后的安排  阳奉阴违教唆皇妹做一些违经逆典的行为加上私访江南  置天下子民不顾这种不忠  不孝  不仁  不义的行为怎么对得起列祖列宗?怎么面对百姓?你现在还想跟这个不三不四闲花野草的女子私订终身?母后  她...还说!你敢?我要娶她!原来他才是皇上哥  你说我可以和他在一起吗?当然行! 你不记得爹说过?说你的相长得好  大富大贵命不嫁给有钱人  也会嫁达官贵人哥  其实我并不想当皇妃我只要能跟他在一起就可以了你们两个跟我进去吧今晚  我感受到一份真挚的爱情令我皇儿勇往直前他终于长大成人因此我  准许你入宫我早说你行的!下来! 下来!至于你  我查过你的品德很差!太后! 无凭无据你可别听人乱说!你自小无心向学十四岁就联群结党出来做小混混在村子里称王称霸两年前  你离开梅龙镇说是闯荡江湖  其实无所事事你脾气暴躁  态度恶劣粗心大意  目不识丁所以你将来肯定是一事无成所以  以你这样的人品我不能将公主嫁给你母后  他以前不好不代表以后也不好以后的事你不知道  我也不知道倒不如让老天来决定这一双是先王留下来的天下无双缘定今生的龙凤配指环真的有啊!这对指环是先王留给我用来替你挑选驸马的如果他是你注定的丈夫戴上后就不会掉下来代表你们永不分离你敢不敢试?敢!好!如果它掉下来你答应我  以后永远都不能见他!戴上它吧这辈子我们都不会分开了看到了  他不是你缘定的夫君他根本就配不起你!你是敷不上墙的烂泥你根本配不上!哥!我不能照顾你一辈子以后你要靠自己了我一向是以四海为家我知道你今天很开心  我感应得到哥哥没事了  你不信?别走啊!拦住长公主!别走啊!哥!为什么这样对我哥哥?上次是咱们俩一起走的这次有了皇嫂这个生力军我们兵分三路  太后一定没辙我们到梅龙镇再会合你干嘛要去梅龙镇?这样你才可以在那认识嫂子嫂子也才可以在那等你认识她咱们在后花园集合出发别抓我回去  行不行?这次我们要变一下  咱们清一色娘子军我跟你走!我干嘛要走?你不是跟长公主说你挂念我吗?所以我就来救你你是谁呀?我是你哥呀!妹妹! 你没事吧?来人! 拿药来!你们是不是抓我抓上瘾啦?好! 这次我跟你走!你疯了! 要我跟你出走?根据野史记载  那年冬天无双长公主每日都在城楼徘徊有时自言自语  有时欢喜若狂她不断对人说  会有一个人来接她当时群医束手无策有人说她是因为忧国忧民所以举止失常也有人说  她其实是感情受创相思成狂皇太后我们是代表哲别王子送聘礼来的母后我哥跟长公主是真诚相爱龙凤配指环之事只不过是一个借口罢了母后  你何苦要拆散他们呢?住口!我宁愿她嫁出去  做一个疯皇妃也不要留一个傻公主在我身边我能跟你喝酒当然高兴!那你这样说就不对了老是在搅和话又说回来呀  王相公其实  真是你不对呀上次你一声不响就走了不是想着你不过多个人喝酒  好玩而已你上次不辞而别  真是不太够意思不是吧?不是吧? 你掉进茅房里?干杯!我已经和我丈夫分开了是不是搬回来住?不是  我是路过这儿我打算去我姨妈家这里有些银子你拿去路上用吧你是不是又认识了一个女孩?这条手链本来就要送给你的拿去吧是我爹说你配不起我我没有说过你配不起我今天你才给我这链子为什么以前不给?龙哥!紫霞!紫霞说得对你每次都是怕人家嫌弃你你就放弃这段感情好像你和长公主的事一样你这三八! 一回来就唠唠叨叨我和长公主的事关你屁事?你的事当然不关我的事但长公主的事就关我的事!她八岁那年曾经救过一只下凡受伤的玉兔这只玉兔在她悉心照顾之下回复健康这只玉兔为了报答她就暗中处处保护她让她事事化险为夷那你说长公主的事不关我的事?扯什么蛋?假掰也好  真掰也好刚才紫霞还没点醒你?你是要娶长公主  又不是娶她老妈长公主也没说你配不上她我知道你在想什么你想就算长公主不嫌弃你你戴不上那只戒指也不能算真命天子是吗?想戴上这个戒指你就要记住天高地大  知心只有一个爱一个人就要把自己豁出去全心全意达到无我境界长公主过两天出嫁给一个机会自己吧龙哥 什么事? 龙哥   干嘛?我不在这两年情比金坚这小子是谁收的?他不是你找的兄弟吗?他比你早一天来过这儿  他说是你兄弟他究竟是什么人呢?情比金坚这个人到底是谁呢?有人说他是市井流氓也有人说他是江湖术士更有一种说法  说他是手牵红线掌管天下姻缘的月老仙子这么多年来  每次有什么挫折我都会安慰自己一个深呼吸就算了但是这次  我知道是不行的因为我已经试了好多次我一直相信  人与人之间是有心灵感应以前是跟我妹  现在是跟另外一个人我感受到她很需要我所以我决定离开大胆李一龙!竟敢冒犯无双长公主?我不是来冒犯长公主的我只是想跟她讲几句话前晚我碰到一个十几年前的旧朋友她点醒了我我不应该因为其他人对我的看法而去伤害一个我心爱的人我应该学你皇兄那样就算熊熊烈火都不会退缩今天  我要送这条链子给我的妻子希望她会原谅我我们永远都不分开李一龙  长公主已经走了是皇上叫我放了她的刚才我一直犹豫不敢这么做因为我怕太后知道会砍我的头但是我看她一直哭越哭越像你的样子我实在不忍心就把她放了以后你要好好的对她很多时候  爱一个人爱得太深人会醉而恨的太久  心也容易碎世间最痛苦的事莫过于等待我不知道她等了我多久我一直以为我不会有机会再见到她突然间  我不知道怎么开口不知道怎么讲那句话告诉她  我真的很爱她你没看见我在跟王相公说话吗?滚开!你放松点吧  你记住你只不过是俗世中的一粒微尘天地这么大  一个深呼吸就什么烦恼都没了我是不会放弃的因为你在我心目中永远都是天下无双我从来都没想过当我再见到她的时候她已经变成另外一个人她一直重复我的话她以为她自己是我原来爱一个人爱得太深真的就醉了说着说着  我变成另外一个人一个女人你记不记得你曾经在这里交了枝桃花给我?你说春暖花开桃花还要面向阳光没错  我还说过如果你是一个女人我一定会娶你为妻我老实告诉你我是一个女人!我们有过肌肤之亲  桃花为盟你一定要娶我为妻!我是答应过你不过我配不上你因为我戴不上这对天下无双  缘定今生龙凤配指环傻瓜!戴龙凤指环最要紧是达到无我境界只要你记住我永远都是你的天下无双就行了试试吧!戴上它  我们一辈子都不分开是不是? 我早就说可以了!原来尘世间有很多烦恼是很容易解决的有些事只要你肯反过来看你会有另外一番光景我终于明白 “镜花水月”是什么意思其实情之所至应该你中有我  我中有你谁是男  谁是女又有什么关系呢?两个人在一起开心不就行了今天她是小霸王可能明天又轮到我了桃花开了! 桃花开了!皇妹说得对  春暖花开我想她一定找到自己喜欢的人了笑就笑吧  别装蒜了来啦  乖是不是很温馨?字幕制作:@你的傲慢我的偏见禀告太后!
Votre Altesse !皇上和长公主又要密谋逃走了!
Les enfants royaux projettent encore de s'enfuir ! 截住他们!   遵旨!
 Arretezles !  Oui, Votre Altesse !待会咱们就分头溜出宫去
On se faufilera separement...免得两个人走太招摇
pour eviter les soupçons.然后咱们在江南的梅龙镇会合
On se reverra a la ville de Meilong.光天化日我们这样走  行不行?
On va s'en aller en plein jour ?没问题!
Bien sûr !皇上  你就这样走的话
Votre Majeste ! Si vous nous quittez,宫中岂不是群龙无首吗?
le palais se retrouvera sans dirigeant.怎么会?
Bien sûr que non.母后这么精明  什么事一天到晚都要管
La Reine Mere est tres futee, elle prend soin de tout, tout le temps.就让她拿主意好了
Laissonsla prendre toutes les decisions.别在这碍手碍脚!
Maintenant partez !这班人在我眼中  只不过是一群饭桶
Pour moi, ces bons a rien ne valent pas plus que des seaux de riz.皇上在我眼中  何尝不是一个粽子?
La cervelle de l'empereur est une vraie boulette de riz.你们这些奴才  可恶!
Imbeciles !放我下来!
Laissezmoi !你们都是饭桶!
Idiots !怎么可以让长公主跑掉了?
Comment avezvous pu laisser la princesse s'enfuir ?奴才该死!
C'est de notre faute !你们这些废物!
Bande d'incapables !拦住了皇上  却让长公主不见了
Vous avez arrete l'empereur,
mais vous avez perdu de vue la princesse.皇上出宫  最多闹点荒唐事
L'empereur aurait pu perdre son temps dehors.长公主出宫  一旦出什么问题
Mais la princesse... S'il lui arrivait quelque chose ?我大明皇族颜面何存?
Qu'arriveraitil a la reputation de la dynastie Ming ?到底长公主是怎么跑掉的?
Comment atelle reussi a s'en aller ?应该跟我们的部门无关吧
Notre departement n'est pas responsable.根据野史记载
Selon des archives historiques officieuses,当日长公主是施展大内神功
la princesse a utilise des techniques secretes,用独步灵犀的绝世轻功飞出了皇城
sautant par dessus le palais.但根据东厂的秘密档案
Mais selon des documents secrets,2046调查报告白皮书所说
DOCUMENT SECRET n°2046...这个嘛...
Laissezmoi voir...无双长公主当日是施展了她
La princesse Wushuang a utilise une technique speciale...日后独步武林  脍炙人口的铁头神功
qui la rendit celebre.撞破城门而去!
Son arme secrete etait sa tete !不过  这些都不是事实
Rumeurs a part,根据当日现场目击者的口供
selon des temoins...长公主是轻轻松松  无惊无险的
ce jourla, la princesse s'est baladee tranquillement...从大明门走着走着就走出去了
hors du palais.以上是本台的报导
Fin de notre rapport special.混账!
Idiots !随便走走就出了皇宫!
Elle est partie sous votre nez !那外面的人  不也是随便走走就进了宫?
Les gens peuvent se balader et entrer dans le palais ?立刻追她回来!
Trouvezla !遵旨!
Oui !你连多走一步的勇气都没有
Vous ne pouvez marcher vaillamment...怎么能够成为一国之君呢?
Comment pouvezvous etre empereur ?这棵桃花  自从先帝去世之后
Depuis la mort du dernier empereur,这么多年来一直都没有开花
la fleur de pecher n'a pas fleuri.肯定他在天之灵  担心着这对儿女的将来
Son ame doit s'inquieter de l'avenir de ses enfants.对不起!
Oups !抢我东西! 给我站住!
Voleur ! Bouge pas !好样儿的  等我喘过气来
Attends un peu,我一定追到你!
Je vais t'attraper !我很多年前的外号叫小霸王
On m'appelle Tyran le Kid.任何人都可以很霸道
N'importe qui peut etre tyran...只要他够无聊
s'il n'a rien d'autre a faire.两年前  我决定浪迹天涯
Il y a 2 ans, j'ai decide de me laisser aller.说好听的就是飘泊江湖
Pour le devenir, j'ai voyage.难听的就是无业游民
Pour parler franc, je suis devenu clodo.今天我碰到一个很无聊的朋友
Aujourd'hui, une connaissance m'a invite...他准备跟马贼打架
a combattre.我立刻答应了他们
J'ai accepte tout de suite...因为我比他更无聊
parce que je m'ennuie trop.龙哥  今天怎么这个造型?
He ! Je vois que tu as un nouveau visage.我长得太好看了
Je suis trop beau.我希望在杀气方面能够加强点
J'espere avoir l'air mechant comme ça...当那些敌人一看到我就知道我身经百战!
Alors l'ennemi saura tout de suite que je suis invincible.加了大疮就能增加你的杀气吗?
Avec une enflure au front ?不是  这大疮是我吃麻辣火锅吃出来的
Non ! L'enflure vient de mon regime de pommes de terre epicees.弟兄们  为了保住我们的地盘
Frere, afin de proteger notre domaine,这一仗  我们一定要赢!
nous devons gagner cette bataille !杀!
Allez !给我冲!
Chargez !兄弟们  冲呀!
"Freres, chargez !"我们赶时间呀  大人
Officier, nous sommes presses !你们不要吵!
Silence !你们这帮小喽啰在公共场所持械私斗
Des clowns comme vous osent se battre en public.官差大人  我们都是认识的
Officier, on est des amis.不是私斗  不是打架
On ne se battait pas.你知不知道大明法例?
Vous ignorez que la loi interdit...三个人以上就是非法集会!
tout rassemblement de plus de 3 personnes.带一公斤以上的兵器就是非法藏械!
La possession d'une arme de plus de 1kg est un crime.大人  我这把刀用来刮脚皮  才十两重
Officier, ce couteau sert a la pedicure, il pese 0,8 kg.十两?
0,8 kg ?上磅!
Voyons ça.十两?
0,8 kg, hein ?你不到一米八  会有三百斤重?
Vous faites moins de 1,8 m, comment pouvezvous peser plus de 300 kg ?搜他!
Fouillezle !你干嘛带把琵琶?
Que faitesvous avec un pipa ?江湖生活  刀光剑影
Ma vie peut etre dangereuse parfois.有把琵琶  时不时拿出来唱唱歌
Avec un pipa je peux chanter...舒缓一下情绪
pour me relaxer.你讲这么多话干嘛?
Foutaise !我现在多告你一条超速罪!
Je pourrais vous accuser d'exces de vitesse.我几时超速呀?
Exces de vitesse ? Quand ?看!
Ici !在我们的高速扫瞄仪器侦测下
Comme l'indique notre detecteur ultraperfectionne...当时你的表情标准
vous avez ete flashe...已经超出了时速一百二十公里
a plus de 120 km/h.你能不能画这么快呀?
La machine marche aussi vite ?你敢低估这部仪器?
Vous osez sousestimer la machine ?拿来!
Donnezmoi ça !这架高速扫瞄仪器精密之处
Le prodige de cette machine ultraperfectionnee...就在于里面有个高速扫瞄人员
est qu'elle cache un technicien super rapide.该死了吧?
Maintenant vous savez !厉害吧  还有更精彩的
Le meilleur est a venir.这张是你骑马途中挖鼻屎的样子
Celleci vous montre en train de vous curer le nez pendant que vous galopiez.而这张是你百般无聊等待对方出现
Celleci vous montre vous grattant le cul...挖屁股的样子
en attendant l'ennemi.这张是你洗澡的样子
Pendant votre bain.这张是女人!
Mais c'est une femme !是吗?
Oups.对不起
Petite erreur.这张是青花阁小菁送给我的
C'est un souvenir de Mlle Printemps au Bordel de Fleur de Printemps.总之你死定了  李一龙!
De toute façon, tu es fini. Li Yilong !我的妆化成这样你也认得我?
He, vous m'avez reconnu sous ce maquillage ?你化成灰我都认得出你!
Bien sûr !你就是梅龙镇大厨金菜刀的儿子!
Tu es le fils du Chef d'Or de Meilong.你怎么知道我这么多?
Comment pouvezvous savoir ça ?我怎会不知道?
Pourquoi ne pourraisje pas ?别动!
Bouge pas !你小时候就流着鼻涕去打穿人家窗户
Bebe, tu cassais les fenetres des gens et...长大了就联群结党去凌辱村民
Tu as empire en grandissant, en battant les villageois.简直是神憎鬼厌!
Tu es meprisable !你到底是谁?
Mais qui etesvous ?你的易容术是谁教你的?
Qui t'a appris a te deguiser ?陈校长?
Directeur Chan ?刚才没了胡子你就不认识我
Tu ne me reconnais pas sans moustache ?枉我一番心血教导你
Tous mes efforts sur toi ont donc ete vains.知不知错?
Te repenstu ?知道
Oui.知道又怎么样?
Et ?打五十下手板
Punition de 50 coups.本来就是打五十大板
50 coups c'est la normale.但是你妆化得乱七八糟  多打三十!
Mais 30 de plus pour ton maquillage pouilleux !在这个时候  我想起陈校长说过
Puis, je me rappelais ce que Chan disait :在外面游历的浪子
Car un enfant prodige est toujours...就好像秋天的落叶一样
comme une feuille d'automne...当秋风过后 他们就会落地归根
sa racine est son dernier foyer.不知道家乡的那棵树的叶子落了没有?
Les feuilles tombentelles a la maison en ce moment ?也不知道家乡的人有没有想着我?
Les gens pensentils a moi ?他虽然很用力的打我
Malgre la vigueur des coups de Chan,但我知道他的心很痛
je savais qu'il avait le cœur brise.他说他不想见到我
Il a dit qu'il ne me verrait plus jamais,其实是给我一条路走
je sais qu'il veut me mettre sur la voie.我很感激你  陈校长!
Je ne vous oublierai jamais ! Directeur Chan !Restaurant Robe du Phœnix凤姐  怎么了?
Qu'y atil, Phœnix ?杀气
L'odeur du sang.我感觉到有一股杀气
Je sens une force intense venir.小霸王回来了!
Tyran le Kid est revenu !别以为...
Tu crois pas que...去年义弟对我说
Mon frere a dit...被龙凤店那个臭婆娘教训了一顿
qu'il s'est fait battre severement par une garce ici l'an passe.我还以为多厉害  原来是这等货色
Je pensais qu'elle etait quelque chose.
Maintenant je vois que c'etait du hasard.你哪位?
Et qui estce ?我是江湖号称千手如来
Je suis "L'Incomparable Mille Mains"...铁掌无敌左冷禅
Zuo Lengchan我今天来是为我义弟报仇的
Je suis venu venger mon frere de sang.铁掌无敌!
Mille Mains l'Incomparable ! 让我来!  无敌?
 Fais voir !  Incomparable ?根据左冷禅的《江湖血泪史》描述
Selon les memoires de Zuo Lengchan...当时的情形其实是这样的
cela s'est passe ainsi.我栽在小霸王兄妹手上
Ils m'ont frappe comme...我除了败在... 不  Sorry
Desole !我栽在小霸王兄妹手上
Ils m'ont frappe comme...其实不是这个版本
En fait, c'est pas vraiment ce qu'il s'est passe.他们用乱棍打我
C'etait des "Ultimate Street Fighters".用街头霸王四十二式最残酷那招!
Ils m'ont joue les tours les plus cruels !我就栽在一张折椅上
J'ai ete blesse par une chaise pliante.现在还经常会出血
La blessure continue de saigner parfois.不打啦! 不打啦!
Arretez... Arretez !我怕了你们俩! 不打啦!
Vous avez gagne ! Je renonce !好吃吗?
C'est bon ?一碗用爱心做出来的面能不好吃吗?
Comment des nouilles faites avec amour pourraient ne pas etre savoureuses ?不行!
Non !比老妈的手艺差得远了
Ça n'egale pas les nouilles de mere.我走了两年  你一点长进也没有?
Deux ans, et tu n'as pas progresse.学学我嘛!
Prends exemple sur moi !你看
Regarde.妈死之前  给你这条手链
Mere a laisse ce bracelet是希望你遇到一个人娶了她  把它送掉
pour ta future fiancee.都忘了吧?
Tu as oublie ?说我? 你那条呢?
Tu me sermonnes ? Et toi alors ?说你这人没长进
Tu as mieux reussi ?你以为我不想?
Tu crois que je ne veux pas ?整个村的人谁不知道你是我哥?
Le village entier sait que je suis ta sœur.还有谁敢追我?
Qui oserait vouloir de moi ?你可别赖我!
S'il te plaît, ne m'engueule pas !不看你自己像个男人婆似的谁敢追!
Tu agis trop comme un homme pour qu'un homme t'aime !你看我  从头到脚
Moi, comme un homme ?哪个地方像男人?
Comment ça ?先生
Excusezmoi, monsieur...请问你  这附近有客栈吗?
Y atil une auberge dans le coin ?趁早死吧你!
Va au diable !对不起
Excusezmoi.所以说  你就别赖你哥吓走那些乡民
Ne dis pas que c'est moi qui fais que les villageois te fuient.为了证实与我无关
Pour le prouver,我现在就去看望他们
je vais aller les voir.龙哥
Mon frere.请我喝喜酒?
Une invitation a votre banquet de noce ?我代表乡民把这绝交信交给你
Au nom du village, je vous remets cette lettre.信里写得清清楚楚
La lettre le dit clairement.希望你以后千万别找我们
Nous voulons que vous restiez a l'ecart.从此以后  大家河水不犯井水
Desormais, nous voulons ne rien avoir a faire avec vous.你有病呀?
Vous etes cingles ?一点都不顾别人感受?
Vous ne pouvez pas etre prevenants ?既然信里写得清清楚楚
Si la lettre dit deja tout,用不着你再口述一次吧?
pourquoi la lisezvous tout haut ?去死吧你!
Va au diable !龙哥!
Mon frere !黑猪!
Porc Noir !别以为这里没有人喜欢我
J'ai des amis ici.很久没见了  这位是?
Ça fait longtemps. Et qui c'est ?也就只有这些畜生愿意跟你交朋友
Oui, quelques amis bizarres.连名字都叫猪朋狗友
Et avec des noms d'animaux.龙哥!
Mon frere !他的名字可不叫畜生
Il a un vrai nom.快告诉凤姐  你的名字叫什么?
Vite, dis a Phœnix ton nom !情比金坚!
Amour Amour !不是外号  真名呀!
Pas ton surnom, ton vrai nom.罗曼蒂克!
RoManTique !看到妹妹一身男人打扮  我完全可以理解
Je comprends pourquoi ma sœur s'habille comme un homme.当一个女人极度渴望她的意中人出现
Quand une femme attend desesperement son homme...但是又没出现
pendant longtemps...她的潜意识就会令她装扮心目中那个人
elle s'habille comme lui avant de le rencontrer.我感应到她
Je peux lire dans ses pensees...是因为我们从小就有心灵感应
parce qu'un fort sentiment nous connecte depuis l'enfance.我知道她现在想什么
Je sais a quoi elle pense en ce moment.真棒! 感应到哥哥了?
Genial ! Tu lis dans mes pensees aussi !真的感应到?
Vraiment ? Oui ?有眼屎也不擦掉
Va vite ta laver la figure !好  替你找个老公!
Je vais te trouver un epoux !我小霸王李一龙叫大家来是为了一件事
Moi, Tyran le Kid, je vous ai rassembles, parce que...我知道你们不爱搭理我
Je sais que vous ne pensez pas trop a moi.老实说  我也不爱搭理你们
Moi non plus.但你们不可以因为我而对我妹妹有偏见
Mais n'ayez rien contre ma sœur a cause de moi.今天跟大家说
Je vous demande...就是要帮我妹妹找一个真心爱她的男人
d'aider ma sœur a trouver un homme qui l'aime vraiment.如果他经得起我们梅龙镇
Si un homme peut survivre...那个万试万灵的真心炉考验
au Feu Sacre de Meilong,无论是乞丐还是皇帝
qu'il soit roi ou indigent,伸手进去又烧不到的话
s'il met sa main en restant indemne,证明他是真心不怕红炉火
alors c'est un vrai heros avec un vrai cœur.我就会把我妹妹嫁给他
Qui peut epouser ma sœur.而我阿龙...
Quant a moi...就会离开梅龙镇
je quitterai Meilong这辈子都不回来!
pour ne jamais revenir !谁敢来试?
Quelqu'un veut essayer ?我! 我! 我! 我!
Nous !这么踊跃?
Tant de volontaires ?没一个是真心真意喜欢我妹妹的
Aucun d'entre vous n'aime vraiment ma sœur.你们全都想我走!
Vous voulez juste vous debarrasser de moi !活该全变成烧猪手!
Ça vous apprendra !好! 不帮我妹妹找到好男人
Bien ! Si ma sœur ne peut trouver un mari,我是不会离开梅龙镇
je ne quitterai pas Meilong.太感动了!
Ainsi !龙哥这番话
Mon frere me rappelle令我想起《大话西游》里面孙悟空他说过
les paroles du Roi Singe dans "L'Odyssee chinoise"...曾经有一碗热辣辣的烧猪手面摆在面前
"Il y avait un bol chaud de nouilles au porc rôti devant moi,"但我没有珍惜
"mais je n'ai pas su l'apprecier,"到面凉了之后才后悔莫及
"et je n'ai pas mange jusqu'a ce que ce soit devenu froid."尘世间最痛苦的事莫过于此
"Rien au monde ne fait davantage souffrir !"你说这话跟龙哥说的话有关系吗?
Quel est le rapport avec ton frere ?一点都没关系
Rien !可我感动嘛
Mais ça m'a emue !各位乡亲父老
Les amis,为了答谢大家多年来对龙凤店的厚爱
pour avoir soutenu notre restaurant pendant tant d'annees...龙凤店今天实行八折酬宾
nous offrons une remise de 20% aujourd'hui...而且推出龙凤鸳鸯包
et les specialites telles que nos brioches maisons,与及超级无敌炸腊肠套餐
et les menus aux saucisses frites.头三位客人还加送神秘礼物
Et des cadeauxsurprises pour les trois premiers clients.千万别错过!
Une offre a ne pas manquer !你这混蛋!
Horribles creatures !我酬宾  又不是要你捐款!
Je remercie mes clients, je ne vous demande pas de faire des dons !龙哥  我已经吃过午饭了
Mon frere, j'ai deja mange.宵夜和晚饭不用吃?
Et pour ton prochain repas, et celui d'apres ?来! 来!
Viens !妹妹  有人心脏病呀!
Ma sœur, quelqu'un s'est evanoui !你混蛋装死?
On joue le mort maintenant ?凤姐  龙哥这样做还不是为了多帮你一些
Phœnix. Ton frere fait tout ça pour toi.一个客人都没有  要他帮什么?
Personne ne vient, que peutil faire d'autre ?他像支杀虫水一样堵在门口
Il est pire que du pesticide, a rester ici comme ça.连苍蝇都不飞进来了
Meme une mouche ne rentre pas.好! 走着瞧!
Regardezmoi faire !小霸王来了! 快走!
Tyran le Kid est ici !龙哥  你不是故意捉弄我吧?
Mon frere, epargnemoi !故意作弄? 我来关照你!
Quoi ? Je te fais faire des affaires.但是我的客人全都跑去关照你的店了
Oui, mais tous mes clients t'en ont fait faire.这批不走怎会有第二批呢?
C'est ça les affaires, ça va et ça vient.你老坐在这儿  哪还有人敢来?
Avec toi ici, ça ne fait que partir.向右不行  向左也不行
C'est bloque des deux côtes...前面还有个挡道的
Et un idiot devant !奇怪  我的心怎会跳得这么厉害?
Pourquoi mon cœur batil si vite ?难道是妹妹?
Estce ma sœur ?原来真是她看到那位公子
Elle est attiree par ce monsieur.心跳得碰碰响
Pas etonnant que mon pouls s'accelere.好! 让哥哥帮你安排这段姻缘
Ainsi soitil ! Mettonsles ensemble.掌柜的  快点!
Serveur, vite !老兄  好身手!
Frere, bien evite !坐下喝杯酒!
Assiedstoi et bois un coup !当时我们的距离是七公尺零八公分
a une distance de 7,08 m...在不够四分之一柱香的时间  我做了一个决定
et en 1/4 de seconde, j'ai pris une decision.我看他人品不错  身手也挺好
Ce monsieur etait athletique, et plutôt bel homme...所以我决定把他介绍给我妹妹
j'ai decide de le presenter a ma sœur.当时我距离这个人是三公尺零八公分
a une distance de 3,08 m...但在不到四分之一柱香的时间里
et en 1/4 de seconde...我做了一个影响终生的决定
j'ai pris une decision qui bouleversa ma vie.既然我身上的银两没了
J'etais fauchee,这个傻冒儿又说要请客
et il m'offrait un festin.所以  我决定吃死他
J'ai decide de manger le maximum.当时我的心情乱到
Je n'avais aucune idee de...不知道那个距离有几公分
la distance...连香都不用点  我就做出了一个决定
ni du temps...我一找到机会  就放泻药拉死他们!
Mais je devais trouver un moyen de me debarrasser d'eux.这位相公非常特别
Ce monsieur se demarque des autres.我从来没见过我哥这么热情招待一位客人
Mon frere n'a jamais traite quelqu'un aussi bien.从那天开始
Depuis ce jour...他们每天在小泉居喝酒聊天
ils ont bu et parle, comme tous les jours.看来他不只吸引了我哥  还吸引了我
Mon frere a l'air attire par lui, et moi aussi.你肚子很饿? 吃块鸡
Tu as faim, hein ? Essaye le poulet.我们梅龙镇的鸡非常好吃
Meilong est celebre pour son poulet.我的酒呢?
Apportemoi du vin !与龙哥共举杯
Un verre avec un bon frere,萍水相逢作朋友
un ami par un beau temps.世间相聚不容易
En ce temps et lieu on s'est rencontres,请你再饮这杯酒
d'un toast on a besoin.好贤弟  庆相逢
Je cheris notre rencontre,一见如故说风流
une chaleureuse et merveilleuse chance投缘就是好兄弟
entre nous, il y a la chaleur,今夜与你喝个够
cette nuit est une fete.与龙哥称兄弟
Nous pouvons etre freres,千杯不醉乐悠悠
notre joie ne connaît de limite.楼台近水月当空
Pour nous le monde existe,酒逢冤家又何求
peu importe ou menent nos voies.好贤弟  喝一杯
Je cheris notre nuit,人生梦醒再回首
que demain soit un autre combat.百年好酒千杯少
De ce vin nous nous rassasions那怕老板要我走
peu importe son cœur saignera.关我什么事?
Quel est le rapport avec moi ?金镶玉  凤求凰
Dragon pour Phœnix,人间最难配成双
c'est une matrice compliquee.天下知己当你我
Maintenant qu'on se connaît,只恨时光太匆忙
notre futur doit etre repeint.说不完  喝不够
Mon frere regarde,最难得是好朋友
un soleil a besoin d'une lune pour faire un tout.酒逢知己千杯少
Le bon vin doit etre cheri.只恨时光太匆忙
Mais le temps a aussi disparu.龙兄
Mon frere,这儿虽然又吃又住招呼周到  不过...
la nourriture et la vie ici, c'est genial, mais...我想我还是该走了
je dois partir.不错
Oui.天下没有不散的筵席
Toutes les fetes ont une fin.再这么下去  我也不知能顶多久
Je ne peux tenir plus longtemps de toute façon.开始我以为我请你一顿
D'abord, je croyais你怎么也得回请我一顿
qu'on allait acheter a tour de rôle...结果顿顿都是我请
Finalement, j'ai paye a chaque fois.不过我不是一个小器的人
Pas que ça m'importe...我只不过是一个有什么就说什么的人
Je dis ce que je ressens.我知道你一定有困难
Tu dois etre en difficulte financiere.这儿有些银子  你拿去吧
Tiens, prends ceci.根据无双长公主日后出版的回忆录
Selon les memoires de la princesse Wushuang...《我和小霸王的一段情》里记载
Amour a la Tyran le Kid...当晚  当小霸王抱着她的时候
Cette nuit, dans les bras de Tyran le Kid...她经历了人生中一个极度难忘的时刻
elle a eprouve un moment inoubliable...她第一次有心跳的感觉
Pour la premiere fois de sa vie, elle a senti son pouls.但是  在小霸王的回忆录中
Toutefois, Tyran le Kid s'est rappele de cette nuit...对那晚的描述又是另一个版本
plutôt differemment.多多保重!
Prends soin de toi !不过  根据小泉居老板的
Toutefois, selon l'aubergiste...回忆录《誓不低头》
qui a offert un autre point de vue dans ses memoires[我与小霸王对抗三十年]里面描述
Mes Trente Ans de Combat sans relache avec Tyran le Kid其实情形是这样的
Voici ce qu'il s'est vraiment passe...当晚很混乱  也不知道谁抱着谁
Impossible de dire qui tenait qui...场面极度感人
les emotions etaient chargees.送完又送  抱完又抱
Ils faisaient leurs adieux continuellement,又抱又送  依依不舍
il y avait tant d'etreintes.反正就是没完没了
Sans fin en vue.送君千里终须一别
Faisons nos adieux ici.我还是不送了
Adieux !送君千里终须一别
Faisons nos adieux ici.不知不觉都送了你一个月
Ça fait un mois qu'on fait nos adieux.再送就送到你家了
Tu seras bientôt chez toi.这次真的不送了
Partons maintenant !保重!
Prends soin de toi !哥  其实两个人吃饭
Frere, a trois autour d'un dîner...还是没有三个人吃饭开心
c'est plus amusant qu'a deux.妹妹  你别发愁
Sœur, ne sois pas contrariee.我知道你想着王相公  我有办法
Je sais qu'il te manque. J'ai une solution.什么办法?
Une solution ?这玩意
J'ai appris ça...是我这几年闯荡江湖时学回来的
pendant mes jours sauvages.叫做念力
"Concentration"如果你想那个人出现
Quand quelque chose te manque, quelqu'un...只要你集中精神看同一点
tu te concentres sur un point看着看着它就会出现了
et cette personne apparaît.哥  看这么久你累不累呀?
Tu fixes le meme point depuis longtemps. Tu n'es pas fatigue ?当然累  我现在全身肌肉都僵了
Si ! Mon corps est tout engourdi.连眼皮都合不上  快帮我找大夫
Je ne peux plus fermer les yeux. Appelle un docteur !快!
Va ! 这么早?  对呀
 Tu arrives tôt.  Oui.先坐  煮碗面给你吃
Assiedstoi. Tu veux des nouilles ?又回来看看?
Tu reviens nous rendre visite ?对
Oui.那你随便
Fais comme chez toi.天下知己当你我
Maintenant qu'on se connaît,只恨时光太匆忙
notre futur doit etre repeint.说不完  喝不够
Mon frere regarde,最难得是好朋友
un soleil a besoin d'une lune pour faire un tout.酒逢知己千杯少
Le bon vin doit etre cheri,只恨时光太匆忙
mais le temps a aussi disparu.阿龙哥  举目瞧
Frere, regarde.举目瞧
Regarde.那太阳月亮又一双
Le soleil et la lune sont ensemble.又一双
Ensemble.日夜更替紧相随
Du jour a la nuit se suivent etroitement.紧相随
Se suivent etroitement.相辉相映如我俩
Rayonnent comme nous.情比金坚  什么名?
"Amour Amour" ! C'est quoi ce nom ?不喝了!
On ne boit plus !这死鬼的真名叫正德王
Ce gosse a le meme nom que l'empereur Zheng De !参见圣上!
Je m'incline devant Votre Majeste !平身!
Debout !小王八蛋  我拿刀砍死你!
Petit con, attention !看你样子  该到婚娶的时候了
Petit frere, tu es en age de te marier.为何尚未成亲?
Pourquoi tu es encore celibataire ?我没找到如意郎君
Je n'ai pas trouve mon mari destine.如意郎君?
Ton mari ?你当自己是女人?
Tu crois etre une femme ?我就是女人!
Je suis une femme.那我妹妹岂不是男人?
Wow, ça fait de ma sœur un homme.是呀  每个人看到我都叫我先生
Oui, ils m'appellent tous "monsieur".我扮给你们看  等一下
Je vous montre, attendez moi.像不像个男人?
J'ai l'air d'un homme ?像!
Oui !看我的
a mon tour.我像不像个女人?
J'ai l'air d'une femme ?好像!
Wow !轮到我!
a mon tour.我们耍一套虎鹤相形拳给王相公看!
Executons les Poings de la Grue Tigre ensemble哥  你这个女装真是太美了
Frere, tu es genial en femme.完了!
C'est fini !我这样一个金枝玉叶  跟他有了肌肤之亲
Je suis de la royaute, et j'ai partage le lit avec lui...他日怎么向母后交代?
Comment je vais expliquer ça a la Reine Mere ?他是一介莽夫  而我堂堂一个长公主
C'est un paysan, et je suis une princesse.母后怎么会答应呢?
La Reine Mere n'approuvera jamais !人妖!
Un travesti !忘了换衣服
Oublie de me changer.先刷牙吧
Brossetoi.你哥神里神经的
Ton frere est un peu fou.他以前也不是这个样子
Il n'etait pas comme ça avant.自从他被那个富家小姐抛弃之后
Apres avoir ete abandonne par une fille riche,才性情大变的
il a beaucoup change.其实那个富家小姐
La fille riche小时候家里也是没钱的
n'etait pas riche au depart.她跟她的阿爷住在村尾
Elle vivait avec son grandpere en dehors du village.有一年  她摔断了腿
Elle s'est casse la jambe une annee.我哥每天背着她走二十多里地去看大夫
Mon frere la portait chez le docteur tous les jours, plusieurs kilometres.还帮她做好晚饭  送她回家
Il lui faisait la cuisine, la faisait rentrer, et puis...后来她爹在京城里发了财
Un jour son pere est devenu riche,便觉得我哥配不上她
et lui a dit qu'elle etait trop bien pour lui.让他们断绝了来往
Ça s'est termine comme ça.我哥伤心之下  被迫出外闯荡世界
Mon frere a eu le cœur brise et est parti.其实我知道  他是不想留在这个伤心地
Je sais que mon frere veut quitter ce malheureux endroit,他总希望有一天可以在外面碰见她
il espere un jour la rencontrer.那怕是只看她一眼  他就好满足了
Juste pour la voir, et il serait satisfait.你干嘛?
Tu fais quoi ?刚刚洗完脸  顺便擦擦背
Te frotter le dos apres le visage !要不要洗个脚?
Tu veux que je te lave les pieds ?你这样好像我爹啊
Tu me rappelles mon pere...满嘴冒泡
avec cette moustache de mousse.以前  我娘也是这样帮我爹擦背的
Ma mere frottait le dos a mon pere aussi.喂! 一起出去逛街!
He, sortons !这个盆里的水呢
L'eau de cette bassine...是从天山姻缘洞里拿来的
provient de la Caverne du Destin de Tianshan.可以照到尘世间种种奇异的姻缘
Elle reflete la destinee des gens.能不能照出十二指肠和胃溃疡呀?
Ça reflete aussi les ulceres et autres maladies ?以为戴个假胡子
Avec ta moustache,我就不认得你是那个什么情比金坚?
tu croyais que je n'allais pas te reconnaître, Amour Amour ?龙哥  我只是做兼职
Mon frere, je fais ça a temps partiel.也不能天天全职当流氓呀
Je ne peux pas survivre en etant clodo a plein temps.不过这个盆呢
Mais cette bassine d'eau个个试过都说灵
peut vraiment predire votre avenir.是吗?
Vraiment ?照照我们看
Voyons notre destin.照照看
Allez.是啊  你们的缘份可以做闺中姐妹
Vous avez une bonne voie comme sœurs. 好呀! 好呀!  你胡说什么?
Tres bien. Tu dis quoi ?那再照照我们俩
Faisons ensemble.你们两个呢  就可以做夫妻了
Vous serez mari et femme.妹妹!
Sœur !滚一边去! 待会儿跟你算帐!
Je me vengerai plus tard.妹妹!
Sœur !真是笑死我了
Quel comique !两个男人怎么可以结为夫妻呢?
Comment deux hommes peuventils se marier ?不是啊  你们刚才照的时候
Juste maintenant quand vous etiez la...那水面震的好厉害
reconnaissezvous la vibration intense de l'eau,影子不断的摇动
et le tremblement de l'ombre,这个就叫做“镜花水月”
c'est le syndrome classique du "Mirage".似真非真  似假非假
a la fois vrai et trompeur.你会跟水影中的阿龙有段姻缘
Vous etes destine a etre avec le Li Yilong
qui existe dans la reflexion de l'eau,但是你不会和你身边这个
mais pas avec celui du present.既不高大又不矮小的阿龙有结果
Sinon, vous ne fructifieriez pas.你说什么?
De quoi parlezvous ?当你得到那对天下无双
Quand vous aurez l'Unique...缘定今生龙凤配指环的时候
Anneau du Destin,你就会得到“镜花水月”
le "Mirage" se materialisera里面真心爱你的人
en amour veritable.记住  这种宿世姻缘叫做
Rappelezvous, votre destin...桃花树下千里姻缘一线牵
fleurit sous un arbre de fleur de pecher.记住  桃花树下
Rappelezvous. Fleur de pecher !你耍我?
Ne vous moquez pas de moi !我不是开玩笑  长公主
Je n'oserais pas, Princesse.皇兄正德皇收工啦!
L'empereur Zheng De a fini sa journee.吓死我了
Vous m'avez presque fait marcher.长公主?
Princesse ?他怎么知道我是女人?
Comment saitil que je suis une femme ?疯疯癫癫的
Quel dingue.老大爷
Monsieur...我被人跟踪  麻烦你帮我挡挡
Des gens me suivent, aidezmoi.没问题  长公主
Aucun probleme, Princesse !你是谁?
Qui etesvous ?微臣赵飞
Votre serviteur royal Fay...退休前御临军教头
ancienne tete des troupes du palais,本次是受太后之托  秘密出来
sous le commandement de la Reine Mere,微服追查长公主下落
nous devons operer en deguisement pour trouver la princesse.太后密旨
La Reine Mere a ordonne...不得惊动这里的地方官  希望不要...
de garder cette operation secrete, alors...不许叫!
Arretez !不许跟着我!
Arretez de me suivre !别跟着我!
Ne me suivez pas !知府大老爷的公子你都敢撞?
Tu oses bousculer le fils du magistrat.你还左看右看?
Qu'estce que tu regardes ?我在跟你说话呢!
Je te parle !是不是想我抓你回去?
Doisje t'arreter ?千万不要泄露身份
Ne nous exposons pas.他们带长公主去衙门  我们跟她一起去
Nous pouvons aussi nous faire arreter, afin de la proteger.哥  他们把王相公抓去
Frere, ils l'ont attrape.会不会毒打一顿?
Ils vont le rouer de coups ?不会
Non.你刚才不见突然多了一些人帮王相公
Un groupe d'etrangers semble l'aider.我觉得有古怪
Je sens quelque chose de louche.对呀
Oui.跟我来
Suismoi.他们都是大内高手
Nous sommes tous des gardes imperiaux.一定会保护长公主的安全!
Nous vous protegeons.别吵!
La ferme !究竟刚才谁有份咬我的耳朵?
Qui m'a mordu l'oreille ?没人敢认是吧?
Personne n'avoue ?过会我爹出来  你们就知道味道!
Vous verrez quand papa va revenir.爹!
Papa !你们这班江洋大盗  简直目无王法
Bande de brutes !竟敢殴打本官!
Comment osezvous me frapper ?有什么不敢?
Pourquoi pas ?我们都是江湖上的金牌打手!
Nous sommes des experts en la matiere.什么金牌打手?
Qui est votre chef ?我家主人  朱字头!
Les Chu.山东响马猪油渣嘛
Le gros Chu de Shandong ?再打!
Encore !我说错了吗?
J'ai dit quelque chose de mal ?知府大人说
Le magistrat a decide这件事情不属于刑事殴打
que ce n'est pas un cas criminel.只不过是一宗民事诉讼
Mais juste un cas civil.本衙门不接受这个案子
Nous ne prenons pas les cas civils.马上把这些人全给我放了!
Liberez tout le monde !你是谁? 你说放就放?
Mais qui etesvous pour commander ?这位公子这么多话
Ce monsieur semble avoir son opinion...请你出来到后面谈一谈
Voulezvous entrer discuter ?怕你呀? 进就进!
Pourquoi auraisje peur ?阿成! 阿权! 阿龙! 阿昌! 阿强! 阿达!
Jack ! Joe ! John ! Jim ! Jay ! Josh !统统进来!
Suivezmoi, tous !啥事?
Que se passetil ?走吧!
Partons !住嘴! 别跟着我!
La ferme ! Ne me suivez pas !参见长公...
Votre...不准叫!
La ferme !参见长公...
Votre...不准叫!
La ferme !不要惊动乡民
N'eveillez pas l'attention du public.叫便服侍卫贴身保护长公主离开本镇
Les gardes aideront secretement la princesse a s'en aller.我们会在三里外的山坡上接应
On se revoit dans 3 Km.是
Oui.你到底什么人?
Mais qui estu ?我要走了
Je dois partir.走?
Partir ?那我妹怎么办? 泡完溜?
Et ma sœur ? Tu l'abandonnes apres l'intimite ?我才是被人那个那个呢
Je crains que c'est plutôt moi qui suis abandonne.一龙  听我说
Yilong, ecoute.你记住今天我跟你说的话
Rappelletoi de ce que je te dis aujourd'hui.说!
Parle.那天我们大家喝醉了  有了肌肤之亲
On est devenu intime depuis cette nuit ou on s'est soûles.这是铁一般的事实
C'est indeniable.做男人不可以推卸责任的
Et un homme doit supporter cette responsabilite.对呀!
Bien sûr.做丈夫的要对妻子千依百顺
Un mari doit faire comme lui dit sa femme...呵护备至  温柔体贴
Il doit prendre soin d'elle, bien la traiter,别跟她顶嘴
faire attention a ce qu'elle veut.应该是女人对男人才对呀
C'est pas le boulot de la femme ?别抢对白! 让他说完!
Taistoi et ecoutele !老婆是用来爱护的
Une femme a besoin d'etre aimee.她可能娇生惯养一点
Elle est un peu gatee.有时又很调皮  你就迁就她一下
Un peu indisciplinee parfois, et tu dois assurer ses besoins.我不是这个样子的!
Je suis pas comme ça !别吵! 等我把话讲完!
La ferme et laissemoi finir !如果你可以做到这样
Si tu peux faire ça,就是个好丈夫了  知道吗?
tu peux etre un bon mari. Tu comprends ?你跟我说这些干什么? 你跟你自己说!
Pourquoi me dire ça ? Disle a toimeme !我会回来接你的
Je reviendrai pour toi.你接我干嘛? 你接她才对!
Moi ? Tu devrais revenir pour elle !没事吧?
Ça va ?王相公  你搁错肩膀哭吧?
Excusemoi, tu ne serres pas la mauvaise personne ?你上京吧
Tu dois aller de l'avant.他都不理我
Mais il m'a ignoree.我不是说你
Je ne parle pas a toi.我真的走了
Je dois vraiment partir.你一定要回来
Tu dois revenir.你做的菜这么好吃  我一定会再回来的
Tu cuisines si bien. Je reviendrai, c'est sûr.你怎么了?
Ça va ?我以为  他抱着我的时候...
Je croyais que dans ses bras,我会很兴奋
je serais tout excitee.但我为什么没有一种心跳的感觉?
Mais en fait je n'ai rien ressenti.这是怎么回事?
Pourquoi ?那么多朝廷命官护着他
Pourquoi estil protege par la cour royale ?他到底是什么人?
Qui peutil etre ?我记得他有个包袱在这儿
Il a dû laisser son sac quelque part.你在这儿小便!
Tu oses pisser ici !龙哥  不是呀  大狗在拉屎!
Mais Gros Chien est dans les toilettes.龙哥... 我来拿! 我来拿!
Mon frere... Laissemoi le prendre !干什么?
Que se passetil ?龙哥...
Mon frere...别吵! 紧张时刻!
Silence ! L'heure de verite.他是皇上?
Estce l'empereur ?我跟皇上打过滚?
J'ai traîne avec l'empereur ?凤姐男朋友是皇帝!
Le copain de Phœnix est l'empereur !凤姐男朋友是皇帝...
Le copain de Phœnix est l'empereur !凤姐要做皇妃啦
Phœnix va devenir princesse.情比金坚  你到哪去?
Amour Amour, ou vastu ?我有事  一会儿再回来找你
J'ai des courses a faire. Je reviens.走! 全给我走!
Cassezvous ! Partez !我最讨厌人势利眼!
Je hais les gens avides !以前不见你们对我妹妹这么好?
Vous n'avez jamais bien traite ma sœur avant.现在才来巴结
Maintenant c'est trop tard.龙凤店不做你们生意!
Notre restaurant ne servira aucun d'entre vous !龙哥  外面传得很厉害
Mon frere, il y a plein de rumeurs qui courent.说皇上都在玩弄你的妹妹
Il paraît que l'empereur traînait juste avec votre sœur.皇上不是那种人
Non.我跟他生活过一段时间
J'ai passe du temps avec cet homme.我很了解他
Je le connais vraiment.我不会让我妹妹沦为玩偶的
Je ne laisserai pas ma sœur se faire jeter.我明天就上京找皇上
Je vais chercher l'empereur demain.奴才该死!
Notre faute !分明是一派胡言!
N'importe quoi !大风能把长公主吹走吗?
Comment peuton perdre la princesse a cause d'une rafale de vent ?如果不把长公主找回来
Si vous n'arrivez pas a ramener la princesse,你们就人头不保!
des tetes vont tomber.母后息怒!
Soyez tranquille, Reine Mere !孩儿只是想请示母后
Je suis volontaire...请母后准许孩儿带大内密探
pour mener la troupe imperiale,一起去把皇妹找回来
afin de trouver la princesse.希望有个戴罪立功的机会
Je demande une chance de prouver ma valeur以表示孩儿对母后的歉意
et montrer mon repentir.你去吧
Souhait accorde.谢母后!
Merci, Reine Mere.做皇帝也是需要有点演技的
Un empereur doit savoir jouer la comedie.这次终于可以出去走走
Enfin, je vais pouvoir prendre l'air.哥!
Frere !哥!
Frere !凤姐
Phœnix !看到我哥吗? 我找一早上都没找到他
Vous avez vu mon frere ? Je l'ai cherche toute la journee.我刚刚在桥头上还看到他
Je l'ai vu au pont.他好像去找王相公
Il va chercher l'empereur.找王相公?
Mon frere est parti le chercher ?又是你?
Encore toi ?我靠! 你以为你是谁?
Merde ! Pour qui tu te prends ?又来找龙哥麻烦?
Pourquoi vienstu encore nous ennuyer ?自从上次之后
Depuis la derniere fois...我回去苦练我的刀法
je me suis beaucoup entraîne.终于  让我领悟到无敌鸳鸯刀
Maintenant j'excelle dans le maniement des Lames Incomparables.这次来  是想再领教你们兄妹俩
Je suis revenu pour vous battre !这套剑法  莫非是失传的...
C'est la technique, longtemps perdue de... ?没错  这就是眉来眼去剑法!
Bien devine. C'est les "Yeux de la Romance".这套剑法精粹就是刚中带柔
Ce style accentue ce qui est mou dans le dur,厮杀之中闪着无限的温馨
meme dans les coups il y a de la tendresse.以勾魂摄魄的眼神
Les yeux trompent l'ennemi,置对手死于无形之中!
rompant toute defense !实在太邪!
C'est mysterieux.我要再加强功力!
Je dois me mettre a un autre niveau !好! 我也要加强功力!
Bien ! Moi aussi !喂! 借我点眼神!
He, faismoi les yeux doux ! 我?  来!
 Moi ?  Vite !好一朵江南小野花!
Wow, quelle femme fleurissante !最多就是这样了
C'est le maximum que je puisse faire.这个行不行?
Et ça ?不要逼我  不要这样  够了
Non, arrete, ça suffit !还不行?
Pas assez ?这个行不行?
Et ça ?我们给你眼神!
On aide !行!
C'est bon !我的链子都断了
J'ai casse mon bracelet.小心! 这刀有毒!
Attention, la lame est empoisonnee !不把毒血吸出来  麻烦就大了!
Il faut sucer le sang !我第一次感觉到爱情的心跳
Estce la premiere fois que je ressens
le sang de l'amour dans mon cœur.可是在这生死关头
Au bord de la vie et de la mort,我竟然开始胡思乱想
je commence a fantasmer !Voyage dans le Monde.我知道她在胡思乱想
Je sais qu'elle fantasme.我要比她更胡思乱想!
Je dois la surpasser !高公子在干什么?
Que fait M. Ko ?可能是在胡思乱想吧
Il fantasme, probablement.今天 从这个高公子口中知道
M. Ko m'a appris aujourd'hui他原来是戏班唱戏的
qu'il etait acteur a l'origine.就像我哥一样  四海为家
Comme mon frere, c'est un vagabond.晚上  他又突然回来了
Il est revenu ce soir说怕左冷禅再出现  要贴身保护我
pour me proteger, au cas ou Zuo Lengchan reviendrait.我没办法拒绝他
Je n'ai pas pu refuser.因为他有一种令人无法抗拒的威严
Il a une grandeur irresistible.睡不着?
Tu ne peux pas dormir ?不是
Je vais bien.别胡思乱想了  睡吧
Arrete de fantasmer et dors.我不会做出不君子的越轨行为
Je suis un homme respectable.又怎么了?
Et maintenant ?胳膊冷
J'ai froid aux epaules.那我手搭你身上好不好?
Tu veux que je les rechauffe ?随便
OK.你冷吗?
Tu as froid ?一点点
Un peu.要不要... 把手借给你?
Tu... veux un coup de main ?也好
Pourquoi pas.现在有没有暖一点?
C'est chaud ?暖一点  不过脚有点冷
C'est chaud. Mais j'ai froid aux jambes.那搭在一起吧
Mettons nos jambes ensemble.不如我们抱紧一点好了
On peut se serrer fort.好了  现在可以睡觉了
Maintenant, dors.不要胡思乱想啦
Et ne fantasme pas.你觉不觉得有点热?
C'est pas trop chaud ?对呀  怎么多了这么多手手脚脚?
Il y a plein de mains et de jambes la !你们给我出去!
Laissezmoi !不是说你呀  凤姐!
Non, pas toi, Phœnix !凤姐! 凤姐!
Phœnix ! Phœnix ! 公子!  放手!
Monsieur ! Lachemoi !你们在搞什么东西?
Qu'estce que vous foutez ?贴身保护!
Nous vous protegeons !皇上  你一直跟太后说
Votre Majeste, vous avez dit a la Reine Mere...出来是来找长公主的
que vous trouveriez la princesse.可是你一出来就找女人
Pas que vous courrez apres des femmes.你说你这个事情如果给太后知道了
Si elle entend ça,那我们可就惨了
la Reine Mere nous tuera.各位大哥啊
Mes freres,其实我比你们还更惨呀
mais je suis pire que mort !我一出生就没得挑  就要做皇帝
Je suis condamne empereur depuis la naissance.其实我是一个天真活泼
Je suis en fait innocent,充满创意的年轻人
vif et creatif.我最大的理想就是改变这个世界!
Mon reve est de changer ce monde.皇上  你什么意思?
Que veut dire Sa Majeste ?其实我的意思就是不拘小节
Je veux dire qu'il faut oublier les formalites.以后君臣之间  大家见面时就握握手
Desormais, on se sert la main quand on se rencontre.要不然就敬个礼
Ou un bonjour, ça suffit.再不然...
Ou, meme...刚刚的感觉是不是很亲切?
Ça, c'etait chaleureux, n'estce pas ?皇上!
Votre Majeste !乖!
Bon garçon !我那感人的演技  又再一次成功了
Mes talents d'acteur frappent de nouveau !就凭我生平绝学草上飞轻功
Avec ma meilleure technique de "Voler sur l'Herbe",三日之内就可到达皇宫
je peux atteindre le palais en trois jours.我在这儿呢!
He, je suis la ! 我来啦!  别跳过来!
 J'arrive !  Non !叫了你了  还是往里掉
Je t'avais dit de ne pas approcher !你怎么会在这儿?
Pourquoi estu la ? 我啊  我是来找...  我呀?
 Je... je suis la...  Pour moi ?要不然咱们大声喊救命吧
Et si on criait a l'aide ?得了吧
Non.男人大丈夫轻易向人求救的吗?
Les hommes ne crient pas facilement a l'aide.让我用草上飞的轻功救你出去吧
Laissemoi te sauver avec "Voler sur l'Herbe".其实我的轻功在烂泥里很难发挥的
Tu sais, ça ne marche pas aussi bien sur la boue que sur l'herbe.等晒几天  泥巴干了就好了
Ça ira mieux quand ça sera sec.放心  雨过之后就会天晴
Pas de soucis, il y a toujours le beau temps apres la pluie.渴死啦  我好想喝水
J'ai soif.所以说你不够江湖经验
Tu n'as pas assez d'experience.那天下雨  你看我嘴张那么大就知道了
Tu sais pourquoi j'avais ouvert la bouche pendant la pluie.先喝一点存起来
Un peu de stock ne fait pas de mal.怎么了你?
Quoi ?我喝得太多了  尿急
Trop de stock.肚子饿先吃片叶子
Mange des feuilles si tu as faim.那你干嘛不吃? 嫌脏吧
Pourquoi ne la mangestu pas ? Trop sale ?我才没你那么笨
Je suis pas aussi stupide que toi.你还叼着呢
Tu le tiens toujours !喂  把嘴伸过来
Ne tourne pas ici.快点!
Vite !好点了吧?
Ça va mieux ?你哭啦?
He, tu pleures.别浪费  留点给我!
Ne le gache pas, je vais le prendre !咸是咸了点  但可以顶得住
Un peu sale, mais ça va.你别笑  继续哭
Ne rigole pas. Continue a pleurer.一滴不够喝的
J'en veux plus.虽然  我是金枝玉叶
Bien qu'ayant ete elevee en famille royale,从小被很多人万般宠爱
et dorlotee depuis la naissance,原来都比不上这个男人
Ça ne vaut pas l'attention de cet homme...在这一刻对我的关怀
pour moi en ce moment.放心! 风风雨雨过后就...
Relaxetoi ! Apres la tempete, on...不要再说啦
Ne parle plus,再说我们就得遭雷劈啦
Sinon, on va etre frappes par le tonnerre.她说打雷的嘛
C'est pas moi qui ai parle de tonnerre.你劈我干什么?
Pourquoi sur moi ?老婆婆  你已经看了我们两个时辰了
Meme, tu nous regardes depuis des heures.到时候救我们呀
Quand vastu nous sauver ?我也是在考虑呀
Je reflechis...有没有这个能力可以救你们?
si je peux vous aider.那还不快点去找人!
Va chercher de l'aide ! Vite !好!
OK !在她说完这个“好”字之后五个时辰
Une demijournee apres qu'elle ait dit "OK",她不过走了不到十公尺
elle est encore a quelques metres de nous.鹅呀鹅  如果你有灵性
L'oie, si tu nous comprends,就快点找人来救我们
va chercher de l'aide.如果你救了我们
Si tu nous sauves,我以后立法  全国禁止吃烧鹅!
je publierai une loi contre la degustation d'oie.这一只就有灵性了
Elle a l'air d'avoir des pouvoirs surnaturels.你这呆头鹅! 叫你带人来
Stupide oie ! On a besoin de gens pour nous aider...你带群鸭子来干什么?
Pourquoi faire tout ça ?别往我头上拉屎
Ne chie pas sur ma tete.走开!
Partez, partez !有人来了!
De l'aide arrive !老婆婆  我在这儿! 这边!
He, on est la !我不是不想找人救我们
Ce n'est pas que je ne veux pas etre sauve,但我想两个人能这样在一起
mais c'etait si bien nous deux ensemble.为什么还要让第三个人出现?
Pourquoi avoir besoin de tiers ?大家兄弟一场
On est comme une famille.以后还会做亲戚的
Et tu es mon futur beaufrere.这件事关系到我妹妹的终身幸福
Ça concerne le bonheur de ma sœur.你老实跟我说  你身体有没有缺陷?
Alors je dois savoir, astu des defauts physiques ?没有
Non.没有?
Non ?那你为什么不肯跟我一起洗澡?
Pourquoi tu ne veux pas te baigner avec moi ?大家都是男人大丈夫  一起洗澡没问题呀
On est des hommes, ou est le probleme ?我不习惯跟人一起洗澡
Je ne partage pas le bain d'habitude.你不习惯跟人一块儿洗
Je vois.那你可以自己洗呀
Mais tu peux le faire tout seul.我不习惯像你这样蹲着洗呀
Je ne peux pas m'accroupir en prenant un bain.你怎么知道我是蹲着洗澡?
Comment tu sais que je me suis accroupi ?你偷看我?
Tu m'as epie ?用得着偷看吗?
Pour quoi faire ?门都没有  怎么洗?
Il n'y a pas de porte. Comment puisje me baigner ?那倒是  你身为一国之君
Exact, un empereur怎么能叫你在街上蹲着洗澡呢?
ne peut pas s'accroupir pour un bain.这样看来是没办法了
Il n'y a rien qu'on puisse faire, alors.不如这样吧  我帮你擦背
Je peux te frotter le dos. 不能擦! 不行!  不用客气
 Non ! Non !  Allez.擦两下舒服点
Tu vas trouver ça confortable.擦这儿行了  其它地方不能擦
OK, mais garde ta main sur cette partie.为什么你跟你妹都这么喜欢帮人擦背?
Ta sœur aussi aime frotter le dos des gens, pourquoi ?当你是自己人才替你擦
C'est un acte amical.要是换了别人  我理都不理
Je ne frotte pas le dos de n'importe qui.你真算运气好
Tu as de la chance找到一个像我妹这么好的女孩
de trouver une fille comme ma sœur.那你自己为什么不找一个?
Pourquoi tu ne t'en trouves pas une ?我哪有你运气好? 没有了
Je suis pas aussi chanceux que toi.像我妹这么好的女孩子
Les filles comme ma sœur...世界没有第二个了
ont pratiquement disparu de ce monde.那倒也不一定
Il en reste peutetre.你这么说可就不对了
Ce n'est pas bien de dire ça.你喜欢一个人就应该对她真心真意
Quand tu aimes quelqu'un, ton cœur doit tomber pour elle entierement.正所谓情有独钟
Les gens disent "un cœur, un amour".就算她怎么平凡
Peu importe qui elle est,在你心目中应该是独一无二
elle devient unique天下无双才对
sur la Terre entiere.那你找到你的天下无双没有?
Alors tu as trouve ta femme unique ?这种事是可遇而不可求的
Plus facile a dire qu'a faire.曾己何时  我以为自己找到天下无双
Une fois je croyais avoir trouve mon unique.没想到在她心目中
En fait, c'etait juste我只不过是一厢相情愿
mon espoir secret.我没有你那么好运气
Je ne suis pas chanceux comme toi.我觉得你不用那么灰心
N'abandonne pas.也许很快你就找到那个人
Tu la trouveras peutetre bientôt.希望如此
J'espere.不过这么多年来  我老这样替自己打气
Tu sais comment je m'encourage toutes ces annees ?碰到什么挫折  我会跟自己说
Quand je suis fatigue, je me dis :我不过是俗世里的一粒微尘
Je ne suis qu'une poussiere dans l'immensite.天大烦恼  一个深呼吸
Prends une profonde respiration.就什么都没了
Et tous les problemes disparaissent.真深啊!
Oh, ça a l'air tres difficile.不是那么深的  你试一下
Ce n'est pas dur. Essaye.抓紧拳头  紧握你的伤心事
Tiens ton chagrin dans la main.然后深呼吸
Puis respire profondement.“嘘”一声  所有怨气就都跑出来了
Relache toutes les mauvaises ondes a l'exterieur.行不行?
Tu vois ?没感觉
Aucune difference.你这样  当然没感觉
Tu ne l'as pas bien fait.你要想着那些伤心难过的事  那才会有效
Pense a quelque chose qui te rend triste.那我再试试
Laissemoi reessayer.有了! 有了!
Ça marche !真的行?
Vraiment ?对! 绝对有!
Oui, ça marche.我痛苦就是没饭吃肚子饿
La faim me rendait triste.可是现在我觉得特饱
Maintenant je me sens rempli.看来我也得试一下
Je devrais peutetre essayer.我也好饱
Je me sens rempli aussi.阿全  过来吃饭啦
Venez manger.婆婆  你真是好手艺!
Meme tu cuisines si bien !快点吃! 快点吃!
Allez !多吃点
Mange encore.你胃口真好啊!
Tu as bon appetit !对呀  我想再来一碗呢
J'en veux encore.我帮你!
Je vais t'en chercher.阿龙哥  你来瞧
Mon frere, viens voir.小小竹筷是一双
Les baguettes vont de paire.同根生来并肩长
Bras dessus bras dessous,好像你我一模样
tete a tete, comme entre nous deux.我的筷子要遭殃
Mes baguettes ont des ennuis.好贤弟  莫说笑
Petit frere, tu as tort.谁都比那牙签强
Les curedents sont faibles.筷子不过是酒桌友
Les baguettes sont amusantes,哪能比做咱哥俩
mais notre amitie est forte.咱哥俩  有比方
Notre amitie est veritable.像杯依酒壶配成双
Naturelle comme la bouteille et le verre.共斟共饮共今宵
L'un verse, l'autre boit, la nuit tombe.分明是一对傻鸳鸯
Un couple ridicule.酒壶胖  酒杯小
La grande bouteille, le petit verre.不般不配怎成双?
Ils ne peuvent former un couple.你看那湖中白鹅戏
Regardes les oies ensemble,相随相伴像我俩
partager le plaisir qu'on a.今日游来明天烤
Ensemble aujourd'hui, rôties demain.烧鹅的味道实在香
Le goût est tellement delicieux.实在香
Tellement delicieux.一边饮  一边唱
Chanter et boire.天色将明话悠长
La nuit est courte, mais notre conversation est longue.酒儿越喝心越慌
Je m'inquiete de plus en plus.他为何不懂我心中想呀心中想
Comment lui dire ce que j'ai en tete.说者有意听者痴
Les mots justes sont mal reçus.从来笨蛋活得长
Benis ceux qui refusent de voir.不想明日是与非
Oublions le vrai et le faux de demain.今夜与你醉一场  醉一场
Nous boirons toute la nuit.又怎么了?
Qu'estce qui t'ennuie ?没有  刚才吃的太饱了
Rien. J'ai trop mange.这里乡下地方  还担心你会吃不惯呢
Je craignais que tu ne sois pas habitue a la nourriture de paysan.不会  其实吃什么都无所谓
En fait, ce n'est pas la nourriture qui compte.最主要是跟谁在一起吃
C'est avec qui on mange.粗茶淡饭  一餐半餐你当然觉得新鲜
Oui, la nourriture de paysan est une trouvaille pour toi.将来你回到京城后  很快会不记得了
Tu oublieras tout ça une fois dans le Palais.有件事我想跟你说清楚
Il y a une chose que je veux eclaircir.虽然我们是萍水相逢
On ne se connaît pas depuis longtemps,但也算是患难之交
mais on est de vrais amis.我一直当你是好兄弟
Et je te traite comme un frere.我希望你坦白跟我说
Je veux savoir :你是不是真心喜欢我妹妹?
Aimestu vraiment ma sœur ?如果你是真心真意
Si c'est le cas,我希望你跟我回去  免得我妹担心
je veux que tu rentres avec moi. Pour qu'elle ne s'inquiete pas.如果你想玩游龙戏凤
Mais si c'etait juste pour t'amuser,那不如我们就此分手
nous devons nous quitter ici.以后我也不希望再见到你
Et je ne voudrai plus te revoir.我可只有这一个妹子
Je n'ai qu'une sœur,我不希望她受到伤害
je ne veux pas la voir souffrir.其实我真的挺喜欢你妹妹
J'aime beaucoup ta sœur.不过我们真的不可能在...
Mais c'est impossible pour nous...行了
C'est bon !没事了
Fini.我们好像注定跟这个地方有缘
On dirait que nos chemins sont faits pour se croiser ici.每次分手都会来到这里
On se quitte ici a chaque fois.我觉得这儿的桃花很美
Les fleurs de pecher ici
sont magnifiques.我跟他说  很想带一枝回去做纪念
Je lui ai dit que je voulais prendre une branche en souvenir.因为皇宫里的桃花是永远都不开的
Celui dans le palais ne fleurit jamais.拿回去看看能不能接枝  春暖就会花开
Prendsle et regarde s'il pousse.
Il devrait fleurir au printemps.记住要朝着阳光
Metsle bien au soleil.告辞了
Au revoir.没义气!
Idiot !如果你有妹妹  我一定娶她!
J'epouserais ta sœur si tu en avais une !如果你是一个女的  我也会娶你!
Je t'epouserais si tu etais une femme !有意思! 如果你是女人  我也会娶你!
Bonne idee ! Je t'epouserais si tu etais une femme !好!
Bien !那我们一言为定!
C'est une promesse !我们以桃花为盟!
Prenons les fleurs de pecher comme temoins !好!以桃花为盟!
Prenons les fleurs de pecher comme temoins !我老实告诉你  我是个女的
ecoute, je suis vraiment une femme.我们有过肌肤之亲  我们有桃花为盟
On a partage un lit et on a des fleurs de pecher comme temoins.所以你非得娶我不可
Tu dois m'epouser.你是一个女人?
Tu es une femme ?你不相信?
Tu ne me crois pas ?还不信?
Alors ?信了吧?
Encore des doutes ?你刚才可是有反应的
Tu reagis juste maintenant.别跟我说你感觉不到
Ne me dis pas que tu ne ressens rien.做男人说过的就要算数
Un homme doit tenir sa parole.我不是人啊!
Je suis une brute !我对不起我妹妹!
J'ai trahi ma sœur !我横刀夺爱!
J'ai vole son amour !最惨的是我会有感应
Le pire c'est que je le ressens.难怪一路都觉得怪怪的
Pas etonnant que je me sois senti homo tout le temps.你早点说嘛
Tu aurais pu me le dire plus tôt.你叫我回去怎么跟我妹妹解释?
Comment je vais expliquer a ma sœur ?那我去解释吧
Je lui expliquerai.她一定会伤心啊
Ça va lui briser le cœur.反正错都错了
On ne peut pas reculer.现在生米煮成熟饭
Telles que les choses sont maintenant,我想凤姐她会谅解我们的
Phœnix comprendra.那样最好...
Ça aurait ete mieux...我从来没想过要伤害她的
si je n'avais rien fait pour la faire souffrir.难道情比金坚说的是真的?
Amour Amour aurait dit la verite ?我们这段姻缘注定是要颠倒的
Qu'on est destine a jouer nos rôles inverses ?看来我一定要好好保护他才行
On dirait que je dois faire de mon mieux pour le proteger.在过去的十天里
Ces dix derniers jours,皇上跟我们的关系是越来越亲密
l'empereur est de plus en plus proche de nous.他的创意层出不穷
Il devient aussi de plus en plus creatif.这饭一粒一粒真好吃
C'est delicieux.你觉得我设计怎么样?
Que pensezvous de ma conception ?皇上  我们都拿惯了刀
Nous sommes plus habitues a porter des armes现在拿这公事包...
que des valises...感觉有点怪怪的
C'est embarrassant.叫你们当专业人士嘛
Mais vous etes des professionnels maintenant.那也不必要穿这么高跟的鞋呀
Avec de telles chaussures ?这个鞋叫做步步高升鞋
Ces chaussures a plateforme以后这个设计在官场和商界
deviendront tres chic...一定会大受欢迎的
dans un futur proche.皇上
Sa Majeste你现在穿得倒有点像拖鞋王
est habillee un peu comme un personnage comique.这成何体统啊?
N'estce pas un peu neglige ?这个是我另外一个精心设计
C'est une autre ligne de mes conceptions.我这身打扮  其实是为了试那个凤姐
Mes costumes me servent a tester Phœnix.如果她知道我是皇上而喜欢我
Si elle sait que je suis l'empereur et qu'elle me court apres,一点也不奇怪
ce n'est rien de special.我现在在这里每天白吃白喝
Si je mange et que je bois tout le temps,与世无争  她都会爱我
et que je deviens un homme de loisirs, et qu'elle m'aime toujours,那表示她重视我的才华
ça veut dire qu'elle reconnaît mon talent !阿高哥!
Agogo !我来了!
J'arrive !帮我去打半斤酱油
Va acheter de la sauce de soja pour moi.好!
Oui !你们觉得我这龙凤店
Que pensezvous de nos新女领班服装怎么样? 还行吧?
nouveaux uniformes de restaurant ? Pas mal, hein ?Restaurant DraPhœnix : Phœnix Li除了这之外还有菜单
a part ça, on aura un nouveau menu.有了这个  客人点菜就方便多了
Les clients pourront commander plus facilement avec ça.你真的是...
Cheri, tu es fabuleux !他们脚上穿的步步高升鞋启发我新的灵感
Les chaussures platesformes m'ont donne une autre inspiration.设计一双深受女性爱戴的鸡骨鞋
J'ai eu l'idee de ces Chaussures en Os de Poulet.这双鞋的坚硬程度
Chaussures en Os de Poulet足足可以承受两百斤以上的肥婆!
qui peut supporter meme les femmes qui pesent plus de 200 kg.真是太有天份了!
Quel talent !快去买酱油!
Va acheter la sauce de soja !你们刚看到了  她留意到我的天份
Vous etes temoins. Elle aime mon talent !今天晚上我再帮你们改一个造型!
J'ai de nouveaux trucs pour vous ce soir !不会吧?
Encore ? Non !双天至尊! 通杀!
L'Ultime ! Le Donneur prend tout !当今天下  谁敢在我面前号称是至尊?
L'Ultime ? Devant moi ?让我教训你们!
Je vais vous montrer quelque chose !Je gagne !Je perds !好啊!
Ouais !Je triche !凤姐! 凤姐!
Phœnix !我一直以为你只是在戏班怀才不遇
Je croyais que tu etais un acteur talentueux qui attend d'etre decouvert,真没想到你跟这些市井赌徒一样沉迷赌博
je savais pas que tu etais un petit parieur.其实我...
En fait...好了吧! 赌已经是不好了
Parier c'est mal.你还去赢乡民们的血汗钱!
Et tu prends l'argent de ces pauvres gens en plus ?好! 那我去还给他们!
OK ! Je vais rendre l'argent !凤姐! 凤姐!
Phœnix !我还给他们了  还加利息
Argent rendu avec interet !其实我是想赢点钱  帮你修理这条金链子
En fait, je voulais me faire un peu d'argent pour reparer ton bracelet.谁的这只?
a qui est ce bracelet ?拿错了  我去换!
Trompe de bracelet ! Je vais l'echanger.我不是有心的
Pas fait expres.有车牌吗?
Numero de licence ?没有
Pas de licence.没车牌你开车满街乱跑?
Vous courez sans licence ?姓名  地址  保险箱密码
Nom. Adresse.小霸王的妹妹抢钱呀!
C'est la sœur de Tyran le Kid !你的金链子在这儿
Voici ton bracelet.不过我自己加了点小小创意
J'y ai mis une touche personnelle.终于有人被我感动
Mon art frappe de nouveau,不过这次我不是演戏
mais cette fois我是认真的
il est authentique.看来这次我不能再让凤姐犯错误
On doit empecher Phœnix de commettre une erreur !凤姐  你在哪呢?
Phœnix, ou estu ?在这儿
Ici. 凤姐   什么事?
 Phœnix.  Qu'estce qui ne va pas ?我是代表龙哥来跟你说话的
Je veux te parler, de la part de ton frere.你既然同皇上那样那样
Comme tu es, voila, implique avec l'empereur...那如果犯错误的话  又那样那样
si tu fais une erreur avec M. Ko, ça va etre, voila...龙哥又那样那样
Grand frere sera, voila...一个女人怎么能同时爱两个男人  那样那样
Une femme ne peut, voila, avec deux hommes...我那样那样说完了
Voila, j'ai fini.好你个臭小子!
Pauvre mec !你别以为龙哥不在  就有机可乘
Tu crois pouvoir faire comme tu veux pendant l'absence de Grand Frere ?我可告诉你  凤姐这次可要做皇妃了
Distoi bien, Phœnix va devenir princesse.皇妃?
Princesse.是呀
Oui.这次我们兄弟们要做大官  就全靠她了
Et on ira tous a la Cite imperiale et on sera riche.你可别乱来!
Lache l'affaire !这位朋友这么多话
Mon ami,请你到外边好好谈一谈
pouvonsnous parler dehors ?好! 等我两个朋友!
D'abord, j'amene mes deux amis.你那两个朋友现在正在外面谈着呢
Vos amis sont deja dehors.臭小子  你给我等着!
Pauvre mec, attends un peu.在哪?
Ou ?在这!
Ici !救命呀!
a l'aide !我真的不认识他们
Je ne les connais pas.你是不是搞错了?
Vous vous trompez de personne.打!
Frappezle !原来她是想做皇妃
Elle veut devenir princesse ?Pavillon sacré你不是说不骗我吗  怎么又要骗我?
T'avais dit que tu ne me mentirais plus ?我又没骗你
Je n'ai pas menti.那你敢不敢把手放进炉里?
Alors, mets ta main sur le feu.如果你对哥哥真情真意的话
Si ton cœur est pur,你的手就不会烫伤的
tu seras indemne.你敢吗?
Tu peux le faire ?我敢!
Oui !伸呀
Faisle alors.不要哭  不要哭了
Ne pleure pas !真心炉  如果我是真的喜欢高公子
Feu Sacre de Meilong,请你给我一个指示
dismoi si j'aime vraiment M. Ko.是不是在找烫伤药?
Besoin de pommade ?痛啊?
Ça fait mal ?试了那个炉  你有什么样启示?
Alors, qu'estce que le feu t'a dit ?我现在好混乱
Je suis confuse.我想着你的时候  就烧伤我这左手
Quand je pensais a toi, j'ai eu mal a cette main.那我想着王相公时  又烧伤了我的右手
J'ai eu mal a l'autre main en pensant a l'empereur.这是当然的
evidemment.你心七上八下  哪里来的真心呀?
Comment peuxtu sentir ton cœur en etant confuse ?如果你是真心的话
Si tes sentiments sont forts et veritables,根本就不用试那个炉了
alors tu n'as pas besoin de ce test.如果你去试那个炉
Si tu as besoin de te tester,就代表你根本不够真心嘛
ça veut dire que ton amour n'est pas absolu.那我应该怎么办?
Que doisje faire ?全心全意  至真至诚
Preparetoi a donner tout ton cœur.记不记得我跟你说过什么?
Tu te souviens de ce que j'ai dit avant ?我心中有你  你心中有我
Toi et moi, l'un et l'autre dans nos cœurs ;天地之大小于尘埃
l'univers n'est pas plus grand qu'un grain de poussiere.我们两个内心世界里
Entre nous deux,再也容纳不下其他的任何事物了
il n'y a de place pour rien d'autre.亲爱的
Ma chere,让我带你共创我们爱的世界
je vais te conduire vers notre monde d'amour.你不做皇妃了?
Tu ne veux plus etre princesse ?不要了
Non.我要找一个像我哥一样的男人  四海为家
J'irai avec un homme qui aime mon frere en tant que vagabond.我不要去做宫中的金丝雀
Je ne veux pas etre enfermee dans un palais.好一个笼中鸟  金丝雀
C'est comme un oiseau dans une cage.朕要找的也是一个能够
En tant qu'empereur, j'ai besoin与我四海为家的女人
de quelqu'un qui peut vagabonder avec moi.你又在演戏呀?
Plus de comedie !这件事我一定要跟我哥讲
Je dois mettre mon frere au courant sur nous.这是什么?
C'est quoi ?不知道  刚地上捡的
Aucune idee. J'ai trouve ça par terre.要不要来一口?
Tu veux essayer ?说真的
Vraiment,你有没有一个跟你长得差不多的亲戚?
tu as un frere comme toi ?你不是说我是天下无双吗?
Je croyais etre unique ?我说差不多的
Je veux dire, un peu semblable.我哥呀  跟你妹挺合适的
Mon grand frere, il ira bien avec ta sœur.为什么?
Pourquoi ?他也特喜欢帮人擦背
Il aime frotter le dos aux gens.想不到堂堂一个天子也有这种嗜好
L'empereur fait ce genre de chose ?想不到吧?
Incroyable, hein ?你见了他就知道了
Attends de le rencontrer.吃饭啦
Mangeons.是不是地震?
Un seisme ?杀气!
L'odeur du sang !我觉得有一阵阵杀气逼近我们
Une force horrible approche.还想什么?
a quoi pensestu d'autre ?你妹妹会明白的
Ta sœur comprendra.干嘛?
Quoi ?糟啦  我感觉到杀气了
Je sens quelque chose d'horrible qui approche.哥!
Frere !哥  他们两个在里面会有事吗?
Frere, tu penses que ça va aller pour eux ?当然没事
Bien sûr.打死不离亲骨肉  好像我们这样
Ils sont frere et sœur apres tout, comme nous.没事的
Ils iront bien.真的吗?
Tu es sûr ?真的
Certain.你身为一国之君  言而无信
Vous, le dirigeant d'un pays, n'avez pas tenu une promesse.对你母后的安排  阳奉阴违
Vous m'avez desobei,教唆皇妹做一些违经逆典的行为
sollicite votre sœur royale sur le mauvais chemin,加上私访江南  置天下子民不顾
neglige votre devoir pour aller a Jiangnan.这种不忠  不孝  不仁  不义的行为
etant si deloyal et infidele,怎么对得起列祖列宗?
comment pouvezvous faire face a vos ancetres,怎么面对百姓?
et a votre pays...你现在还想跟这个不三不四
Et vous osez souhaiter闲花野草的女子私订终身?
vous marier avec cette paysanne !母后  她...
Reine Mere, elle...还说!
La ferme !你敢?
Vous osez ?我要娶她!
Je l'epouserai !原来他才是皇上
Alors il est l'empereur ?哥  你说我可以和他在一起吗?
Tu penses que je pourrai l'epouser ?当然行! 你不记得爹说过?
Sans aucun doute ! Tu te souviens de ce que pere disait ?说你的相长得好  大富大贵命
Tu es destinee a te marier avec quelqu'un de riche,不嫁给有钱人  也会嫁达官贵人
ou une personne noble.哥  其实我并不想当皇妃
Frere, je ne veux pas vraiment etre princesse.我只要能跟他在一起就可以了
Je veux juste etre avec lui.你们两个跟我进去吧
Vous deux, suivezmoi.今晚  我感受到一份真挚的爱情
Ce soir, j'ai ete temoin d'un amour veritable令我皇儿勇往直前
qui a emporte mon fils.他终于长大成人
Il a grandi.因此我  准许你入宫
J'accorde votre mariage.我早说你行的!
Je te l'avais dit !下来! 下来!
Cherie, calmetoi !至于你  我查过
Quant a vous,你的品德很差!
votre dossier n'est pas elogieux.太后! 无凭无据你可别听人乱说!
Votre Altesse ! Ne croyez pas les rumeurs !你自小无心向学
Vous etiez paresseux a l'ecole,十四岁就联群结党出来做小混混
avez rejoint un gang de rues a 14 ans...在村子里称王称霸
etes devenu le tyran du village.两年前  你离开梅龙镇
Il y a 2 ans, vous avez quitte Meilong说是闯荡江湖  其实无所事事
pour vagabonder dans le monde, a ne rien faire.你脾气暴躁  态度恶劣
Vous etes irritable et grossier.粗心大意  目不识丁
Vous etes negligent et ignorant.所以你将来肯定是一事无成
Vous devez vraiment etre un bon a rien.所以  以你这样的人品
Par consequent...我不能将公主嫁给你
je ne peux vous accorder la main de la princesse.母后  他以前不好
Reine Mere, il n'est peutetre pas le meilleur.不代表以后也不好
Mais les gens peuvent s'ameliorer.以后的事你不知道  我也不知道
On ne peut predire l'avenir,倒不如让老天来决定
je laisse au destin en decider.这一双是先王留下来的天下无双
Voici les Anneaux uniques du Destin,缘定今生的龙凤配指环
laisses par le dernier empereur.真的有啊!
Ils existent vraiment !这对指环是先王留给我
Le dernier empereur me les a laisses,用来替你挑选驸马的
pour vous aider a choisir votre mari.如果他是你注定的丈夫
S'il est votre destine,戴上后就不会掉下来
l'Anneau tiendra parfaitement et ne tombera pas,代表你们永不分离
c'est le signe que vous ne vous separerez jamais.你敢不敢试?
Voulezvous passer le test ?敢!
Oui !好!
Bien !如果它掉下来
Si l'Anneau tombe,你答应我  以后永远都不能见他!
vous promettrez de ne plus jamais le voir !戴上它吧
Portele.这辈子我们都不会分开了
On ne se separera plus jamais.看到了  他不是你缘定的夫君
Vous voyez. Il n'est pas votre destine !他根本就配不起你!
Cet homme sans valeur ne vous merite pas.你是敷不上墙的烂泥
Vous etes sans valeur.你根本配不上!
Vous ne la meritez pas !哥!
Frere !我不能照顾你一辈子
Je ne peux plus vivre avec toi.以后你要靠自己了
Tu vas devoir prendre soin de toi dorenavant.我一向是以四海为家
Comme je dois partir et continuer ma vie ambulante.我知道你今天很开心  我感应得到
Je suis heureux pour toi, je sais que tu l'es.哥哥没事了  你不信?
Croismoi, je vais bien.别走啊!
Ne pars pas !拦住长公主!
Arretez la princesse !别走啊!
Ne pars pas !哥!
Frere !为什么这样对我哥哥?
Pourquoi vous lui faites ça ?上次是咱们俩一起走的
La derniere fois, il n'y avait que nous deux,这次有了皇嫂这个生力军
maintenant que tu es la...我们兵分三路  太后一定没辙
a trois, nous sommes invincibles.我们到梅龙镇再会合
On se revoit a Meilong.你干嘛要去梅龙镇?
Pourquoi Meilong ?这样你才可以在那认识嫂子
Pour que tu puisses la connaître...嫂子也才可以在那等你认识她
Et elle t'attendrait labas pour la connaître.咱们在后花园集合出发
Emballons et partons.别抓我回去  行不行?
Vous ne me laissez pas partir ?这次我们要变一下  咱们清一色娘子军
Nouvelle tactique. Juste les femmes cette fois.我跟你走!
On part ensemble !我干嘛要走?
Pourquoi je pars avec toi ?你不是跟长公主说你挂念我吗?
Tu as dit a la princesse que je te manquais.所以我就来救你
Je suis la pour te sauver.你是谁呀?
Mais qui estu ?我是你哥呀!
Je suis ton frere !妹妹! 你没事吧?
Sœur, tu vas bien ?来人! 拿药来!
Apportez des medicaments !你们是不是抓我抓上瘾啦?
Vous adorez m'attraper ou quoi ?好! 这次我跟你走!
Bon, cette fois je pars avec toi.你疯了! 要我跟你出走?
Vous etes dingue, vous voulez que je m'en aille avec vous ?根据野史记载  那年冬天
Comme disent les rumeurs, quand l'hiver arriva,无双长公主每日都在城楼徘徊
la princesse Wushuang s'etait totalement egaree en ellememe.有时自言自语  有时欢喜若狂
Elle s'est coupee du monde.她不断对人说  会有一个人来接她
Elle disait aux gens que quelqu'un l'attendait.当时群医束手无策
Les medicaments n'ont rien donne.有人说她是因为忧国忧民
Certains disent que le fardeau du pays所以举止失常
l'a englouti.也有人说  她其实是感情受创
D'autres disent qu'elle a ete frappee相思成狂
par l'amour.皇太后
Votre Majeste,我们是代表哲别王子送聘礼来的
notre prince souhaite proposer le mariage.母后
Reine Mere,我哥跟长公主是真诚相爱
mon frere et la princesse sont vraiment amoureux.龙凤配指环之事只不过是一个借口罢了
Les Anneaux n'etaient qu'une excuse, n'estce pas ?母后  你何苦要拆散他们呢?
Reine Mere, pourquoi les avoir separes ?住口!
Assez !我宁愿她嫁出去  做一个疯皇妃
Je prefere avoir une princesse folle,也不要留一个傻公主在我身边
que d'avoir un idiot a mes côtes.我能跟你喝酒当然高兴!
Je suis content qu'on boive ensemble de nouveau !那你这样说就不对了
Tu ne devrais pas dire ça.老是在搅和
Ne dis rien d'autre话又说回来呀  王相公
tant qu'on est dans le sujet...其实  真是你不对呀
En fait, c'etait ta faute.上次你一声不响就走了
Partir sans laisser un mot.不是想着你
Ce n'est pas que tu me manques.不过多个人喝酒  好玩而已
Mais c'est bien d'avoir de la compagnie.你上次不辞而别  真是不太够意思
C'est juste, c'etait trop de partir comme ça.不是吧?
Quoi, tu rigoles !不是吧? 你掉进茅房里?
T'es tombee des toilettes ?干杯!
Sante !我已经和我丈夫分开了
J'ai rompu avec mon mari.是不是搬回来住?
Tu reviens pour de bon ?不是  我是路过这儿
Non, je suis de passage.我打算去我姨妈家
Je vais au village de ma tante.这里有些银子
Prends l'argent.你拿去路上用吧
Tu en auras besoin pour le voyage.你是不是又认识了一个女孩?
Tu as rencontre quelqu'un ?这条手链本来就要送给你的
Prends le bracelet aussi, je voulais te le donner.拿去吧
Prendsle.是我爹说你配不起我
C'etait mon pere qui avait dit que tu ne me meritais pas.我没有说过你配不起我
Je ne l'ai jamais dit.今天你才给我这链子
Pourquoi me donnestu ce bracelet aujourd'hui,为什么以前不给?
et pas dans le passe ?龙哥!
Mon frere.紫霞!
Zi Xia !紫霞说得对
Zi Xia avait raison.你每次都是怕人家嫌弃你
Chaque fois, tu romps parce que tu as peur d'etre abandonne.你就放弃这段感情
Tu as abandonne ton amour avec Zi Xia,好像你和长公主的事一样
tout comme tu l'as fait avec la princesse.你这三八! 一回来就唠唠叨叨
a peine revenu, tu me harceles...我和长公主的事关你屁事?
Ce qu'il y a entre moi et la princesse, ce ne sont pas tes affaires.你的事当然不关我的事
Je me fiche de tes affaires.但长公主的事就关我的事!
Mais les affaires de la princesse sont mes affaires !她八岁那年曾经救过一只下凡受伤的玉兔
a 8 ans, elle a sauve un Lapin Divin de la mort.这只玉兔在她悉心照顾之下回复健康
Par ses soins, le Lapin Divin s'est retabli.这只玉兔为了报答她
Depuis,就暗中处处保护她
le Lapin a veille au bienetre de la princesse.让她事事化险为夷
Il s'est occupe d'elle.那你说长公主的事不关我的事?
Et tu me dis de m'occuper de mes affaires ?扯什么蛋?
Foutaise !假掰也好  真掰也好
Croisle ou non,刚才紫霞还没点醒你?
fais bien attention.你是要娶长公主  又不是娶她老妈
Tu veux epouser la princesse. Qui s'interesse a la Reine Mere ?长公主也没说你配不上她
La princesse atelle dit que tu ne la meritais pas ?我知道你在想什么
Je sais ce que tu penses :你想就算长公主不嫌弃你
Meme si la princesse s'en fiche,你戴不上那只戒指
l'Anneau ne t'est pas alle,也不能算真命天子是吗?
alors tu n'es pas son vrai amour !想戴上这个戒指你就要记住
Si tu veux que l'Anneau t'aille, rappelletoi :天高地大  知心只有一个
Pour ton seul et unique amour,爱一个人就要把自己豁出去
tu dois t'oublier.全心全意达到无我境界
Sans t'inquieter pour toimeme, rien ne peut t'arreter.长公主过两天出嫁
La princesse se marie dans 2 jours.给一个机会自己吧
Donnetoi une chance.龙哥
Mon frere. 什么事? 龙哥   干嘛?
Que se passetil ?我不在这两年
Pendant mon absence de ces deux annees,情比金坚这小子是谁收的?
d'ou vient ce denomme Amour Amour ?他不是你找的兄弟吗?
Ce n'est pas un de tes amis ?他比你早一天来过这儿  他说是你兄弟
Il s'est montre un jour avant ton retour,
et il a dit qu'il etait un ami.他究竟是什么人呢?
Mais qui estil ?情比金坚这个人到底是谁呢?
Qui est Amour Amour ?有人说他是市井流氓
Certains disent que c'est un clodo.也有人说他是江湖术士
D'autres que c'est un magicien.更有一种说法  说他是手牵红线
On dit aussi que...掌管天下姻缘的月老仙子
Amour Amour est la deesse qui reunit les amoureux.这么多年来  每次有什么挫折
jusquela, j'avais evacue我都会安慰自己
toutes mes fatigues en un souffle.一个深呼吸就算了
Mais la methode du souffle但是这次  我知道是不行的
n'a pas marche cette fois.因为我已经试了好多次
Meme en essayant durement.我一直相信  人与人之间是有心灵感应
Avant, je pouvais deceler les sentiments de ma sœur.以前是跟我妹  现在是跟另外一个人
Maintenant, c'est quelqu'un d'autre.我感受到她很需要我
Elle crie pour moi de l'interieur.所以我决定离开
J'ai quitte Meilong.大胆李一龙!
Li Yilong !竟敢冒犯无双长公主?
Tu oses offenser la princesse Wushuang ?我不是来冒犯长公主的
Je ne veux pas l'offenser.我只是想跟她讲几句话
Je veux juste lui dire quelques mots.前晚我碰到一个十几年前的旧朋友
Il y a deux nuits, j'ai rencontre une vieille amie,她点醒了我
elle m'a eclaire.我不应该因为其他人对我的看法
Je ne dois pas me preoccuper des opinions des autres,而去伤害一个我心爱的人
et blesser ma bienaimee.我应该学你皇兄那样
Je dois apprendre de ton frere,就算熊熊烈火都不会退缩
etre brave et relever les defis.今天  我要送这条链子给我的妻子
Aujourd'hui je veux offrir ce bracelet a ma femme.希望她会原谅我
J'espere qu'elle me pardonnera,我们永远都不分开
et qu'on sera ensemble pour toujours.李一龙  长公主已经走了
Li Yilong, la princesse est deja partie.是皇上叫我放了她的
L'empereur m'a demande de la liberer.刚才我一直犹豫不敢这么做
J'ai eu du mal a la laisser.因为我怕太后知道会砍我的头
J'ai eu peur que Son Altesse me coupe la tete.但是我看她一直哭
Mais la princesse pleurait tout le temps,越哭越像你的样子
elle te ressemble de plus en plus.我实在不忍心就把她放了
Je n'en pouvais plus et je l'ai laisse partir.以后你要好好的对她
Desormais, prends bien soin d'elle.很多时候  爱一个人爱得太深
Souvent, quand on aime trop,人会醉
ça devient un poison.而恨的太久  心也容易碎
Si on deteste trop, le cœur se brise facilement.世间最痛苦的事莫过于等待
Mais l'experience la plus penible dans la vie, c'est attendre.我不知道她等了我多久
Je ne savais pas combien de temps elle attendrait.我一直以为我不会有机会再见到她
J'ai cru ne jamais la revoir.突然间  我不知道怎么开口
Soudainement, je ne savais plus parler.不知道怎么讲那句话
Je ne savais comment...告诉她  我真的很爱她
lui dire que je l'aimais vraiment.你没看见我在跟王相公说话吗?
Tu ne vois pas que je discute avec elle ?滚开!
Degage !你放松点吧  你记住
Detendstoi. Rappelletoi que你只不过是俗世中的一粒微尘
tu n'es qu'un grain de poussiere.天地这么大  一个深呼吸
Une profonde respiration...就什么烦恼都没了
te debarrassera de tous tes chagrins.我是不会放弃的
Je n'abandonnerai pas.因为你在我心目中
Parce que profond dans mon cœur,永远都是天下无双
tu seras toujours le seul.我从来都没想过
Je ne croyais pas当我再见到她的时候
en la voyant a nouveau,她已经变成另外一个人
qu'elle serait devenue une autre personne.她一直重复我的话
Elle ne faisait que repeter mes mots...她以为她自己是我
Elle croyait etre moi.原来爱一个人爱得太深
C'est vrai qu'en aimant trop profondement,真的就醉了
ça devient un poison.说着说着  我变成另外一个人
Comme ça l'est, je suis aussi devenu quelqu'un d'autre.一个女人
Une femme.你记不记得
Tu te rappelles,你曾经在这里交了枝桃花给我?
tu m'as donne une branche de fleur de pecher ici ?你说春暖花开
Tu as dit qu'au printemps桃花还要面向阳光
qu'il fallait avoir la branche face au soleil ?没错  我还说过
Oui. J'ai aussi dit如果你是一个女人
si tu etais une femme,我一定会娶你为妻
je t'epouserais.我老实告诉你
Pour te dire la verite,我是一个女人!
je suis une femme !我们有过肌肤之亲  桃花为盟
On a partage un lit et on a un temoin...你一定要娶我为妻!
Tu dois me prendre pour femme !我是答应过你
Oui, j'ai promis...不过我配不上你
Mais je ne te merite pas.因为我戴不上
Parce que...这对天下无双  缘定今生龙凤配指环
l'Anneau unique du Destin est tombe de mon doigt.傻瓜!
Idiot !戴龙凤指环最要紧是达到无我境界
Pour que l'Anneau t'aille, tu dois t'oublier.只要你记住
Pense a moi我永远都是你的天下无双就行了
comme ta seule destinee.试试吧!
Essaye !戴上它  我们一辈子都不分开
Portele et on ne se separera plus jamais !是不是? 我早就说可以了!
Tu vois ? Je t'avais dit que ça marcherait !原来尘世间有很多烦恼是很容易解决的
Tant de soucis sont faciles a resoudre.有些事只要你肯反过来看
Quand on veut voir certaines choses differemment.你会有另外一番光景
Quand on veut voir certaines choses differemment.我终于明白 “镜花水月”是什么意思
J'ai enfin compris la signification de "mirage".其实情之所至
Quand ça en vient a l'amour veritable,应该你中有我  我中有你
chaque personne se fond dans l'autre.谁是男  谁是女
Peu importe qui est l'homme又有什么关系呢?
et qui est la femme.两个人在一起开心不就行了
Tant qu'on est heureux ensemble, tout va bien.今天她是小霸王
Aujourd'hui elle est Tyran le Kid,可能明天又轮到我了
peutetre que demain ça sera mon tour.桃花开了! 桃花开了!
Les fleurs de pecher sont en train de fleurir !皇妹说得对  春暖花开
La princesse avait raison. Le temps est venu aux fleurs d'eclore.我想她一定找到自己喜欢的人了
Elle doit avoir trouve son vrai amour !笑就笑吧  别装蒜了
Riez, ne faites pas la muette.来啦  乖
Allez !是不是很温馨?
N'estce pas merveilleux ?FIN字幕製作:@你的傲慢我的偏見稟告太后!
Votre Altesse !皇上和長公主又要密謀逃走了!
Les enfants royaux projettent encore de s'enfuir ! 截住他們!   遵旨!
 Arretezles !  Oui, Votre Altesse !待會咱們就分頭溜出宮去
On se faufilera separement...免得兩個人走太招搖
pour eviter les soupçons.然後咱們在江南的梅龍鎮會合
On se reverra a la ville de Meilong.光天化日我們這樣走  行不行?
On va s'en aller en plein jour ?沒問題!
Bien sûr !皇上  你就這樣走的話
Votre Majeste ! Si vous nous quittez,宮中豈不是群龍無首嗎?
le palais se retrouvera sans dirigeant.怎麼會?
Bien sûr que non.母后這麼精明  什麼事一天到晚都要管
La Reine Mere est tres futee, elle prend soin de tout, tout le temps.就讓她拿主意好了
Laissonsla prendre toutes les decisions.別在這礙手礙腳!
Maintenant partez !這班人在我眼中  只不過是一群飯桶
Pour moi, ces bons a rien ne valent pas plus que des seaux de riz.皇上在我眼中  何嘗不是一個粽子?
La cervelle de l'empereur est une vraie boulette de riz.你們這些奴才  可惡!
Imbeciles !放我下來!
Laissezmoi !你們都是飯桶!
Idiots !怎麼可以讓長公主跑掉了?
Comment avezvous pu laisser la princesse s'enfuir ?奴才該死!
C'est de notre faute !你們這些廢物!
Bande d'incapables !攔住了皇上  卻讓長公主不見了
Vous avez arrete l'empereur,
mais vous avez perdu de vue la princesse.皇上出宮  最多鬧點荒唐事
L'empereur aurait pu perdre son temps dehors.長公主出宮  一旦出什麼問題
Mais la princesse... S'il lui arrivait quelque chose ?我大明皇族顏面何存?
Qu'arriveraitil a la reputation de la dynastie Ming ?到底長公主是怎麼跑掉的?
Comment atelle reussi a s'en aller ?應該跟我們的部門無關吧
Notre departement n'est pas responsable.根據野史記載
Selon des archives historiques officieuses,當日長公主是施展大內神功
la princesse a utilise des techniques secretes,用獨步靈犀的絕世輕功飛出了皇城
sautant par dessus le palais.但根據東廠的秘密檔案
Mais selon des documents secrets,2046調查報告白皮書所說
DOCUMENT SECRET n°2046...這個嘛...
Laissezmoi voir...無雙長公主當日是施展了她
La princesse Wushuang a utilise une technique speciale...日後獨步武林  膾炙人口的鐵頭神功
qui la rendit celebre.撞破城門而去!
Son arme secrete etait sa tete !不過  這些都不是事實
Rumeurs a part,根據當日現場目擊者的口供
selon des temoins...長公主是輕輕鬆鬆  無驚無險的
ce jourla, la princesse s'est baladee tranquillement...從大明門走著走著就走出去了
hors du palais.以上是本台的報導
Fin de notre rapport special.混賬!
Idiots !隨便走走就出了皇宮!
Elle est partie sous votre nez !那外面的人  不也是隨便走走就進了宮?
Les gens peuvent se balader et entrer dans le palais ?立刻追她回來!
Trouvezla !遵旨!
Oui !你連多走一步的勇氣都沒有
Vous ne pouvez marcher vaillamment...怎麼能夠成為一國之君呢?
Comment pouvezvous etre empereur ?這棵桃花  自從先帝去世之後
Depuis la mort du dernier empereur,這麼多年來一直都沒有開花
la fleur de pecher n'a pas fleuri.肯定他在天之靈  擔心著這對兒女的將來
Son ame doit s'inquieter de l'avenir de ses enfants.對不起!
Oups !搶我東西! 給我站住!
Voleur ! Bouge pas !好樣兒的  等我喘過氣來
Attends un peu,我一定追到你!
Je vais t'attraper !我很多年前的外號叫小霸王
On m'appelle Tyran le Kid.任何人都可以很霸道
N'importe qui peut etre tyran...只要他夠無聊
s'il n'a rien d'autre a faire.兩年前  我決定浪跡天涯
Il y a 2 ans, j'ai decide de me laisser aller.說好聽的就是飄泊江湖
Pour le devenir, j'ai voyage.難聽的就是無業遊民
Pour parler franc, je suis devenu clodo.今天我碰到一個很無聊的朋友
Aujourd'hui, une connaissance m'a invite...他準備跟馬賊打架
a combattre.我立刻答應了他們
J'ai accepte tout de suite...因為我比他更無聊
parce que je m'ennuie trop.龍哥  今天怎麼這個造型?
He ! Je vois que tu as un nouveau visage.我長得太好看了
Je suis trop beau.我希望在殺氣方面能夠加強點
J'espere avoir l'air mechant comme ça...當那些敵人一看到我就知道我身經百戰!
Alors l'ennemi saura tout de suite que je suis invincible.加了大瘡就能增加你的殺氣嗎?
Avec une enflure au front ?不是  這大瘡是我吃麻辣火鍋吃出來的
Non ! L'enflure vient de mon regime de pommes de terre epicees.弟兄們  為了保住我們的地盤
Frere, afin de proteger notre domaine,這一仗  我們一定要贏!
nous devons gagner cette bataille !殺!
Allez !給我沖!
Chargez !兄弟們  衝呀!
"Freres, chargez !"我們趕時間呀  大人
Officier, nous sommes presses !你們不要吵!
Silence !你們這幫小嘍囉在公共場所持械私鬥
Des clowns comme vous osent se battre en public.官差大人  我們都是認識的
Officier, on est des amis.不是私鬥  不是打架
On ne se battait pas.你知不知道大明法例?
Vous ignorez que la loi interdit...三個人以上就是非法集會!
tout rassemblement de plus de 3 personnes.帶一公斤以上的兵器就是非法藏械!
La possession d'une arme de plus de 1kg est un crime.大人  我這把刀用來刮腳皮  才十兩重
Officier, ce couteau sert a la pedicure, il pese 0,8 kg.十兩?
0,8 kg ?上磅!
Voyons ça.十兩?
0,8 kg, hein ?你不到一米八  會有三百斤重?
Vous faites moins de 1,8 m, comment pouvezvous peser plus de 300 kg ?搜他!
Fouillezle !你幹嘛帶把琵琶?
Que faitesvous avec un pipa ?江湖生活  刀光劍影
Ma vie peut etre dangereuse parfois.有把琵琶  時不時拿出來唱唱歌
Avec un pipa je peux chanter...舒緩一下情緒
pour me relaxer.你講這麼多話幹嘛?
Foutaise !我現在多告你一條超速罪!
Je pourrais vous accuser d'exces de vitesse.我幾時超速呀?
Exces de vitesse ? Quand ?看!
Ici !在我們的高速掃瞄儀器偵測下
Comme l'indique notre detecteur ultraperfectionne...當時你的表情標準
vous avez ete flashe...已經超出了時速一百二十公里
a plus de 120 km/h.你能不能畫這麼快呀?
La machine marche aussi vite ?你敢低估這部儀器?
Vous osez sousestimer la machine ?拿來!
Donnezmoi ça !這架高速掃瞄儀器精密之處
Le prodige de cette machine ultraperfectionnee...就在於裏面有個高速掃瞄人員
est qu'elle cache un technicien super rapide.該死了吧?
Maintenant vous savez !厲害吧  還有更精彩的
Le meilleur est a venir.這張是你騎馬途中挖鼻屎的樣子
Celleci vous montre en train de vous curer le nez pendant que vous galopiez.而這張是你百般無聊等待對方出現
Celleci vous montre vous grattant le cul...挖屁股的樣子
en attendant l'ennemi.這張是你洗澡的樣子
Pendant votre bain.這張是女人!
Mais c'est une femme !是嗎?
Oups.對不起
Petite erreur.這張是青花閣小菁送給我的
C'est un souvenir de Mlle Printemps au Bordel de Fleur de Printemps.總之你死定了  李一龍!
De toute façon, tu es fini. Li Yilong !我的妝化成這樣你也認得我?
He, vous m'avez reconnu sous ce maquillage ?你化成灰我都認得出你!
Bien sûr !你就是梅龍鎮大廚金菜刀的兒子!
Tu es le fils du Chef d'Or de Meilong.你怎麼知道我這麼多?
Comment pouvezvous savoir ça ?我怎會不知道?
Pourquoi ne pourraisje pas ?別動!
Bouge pas !你小時候就流著鼻涕去打穿人家窗戶
Bebe, tu cassais les fenetres des gens et...長大了就聯群結黨去凌辱村民
Tu as empire en grandissant, en battant les villageois.簡直是神憎鬼厭!
Tu es meprisable !你到底是誰?
Mais qui etesvous ?你的易容術是誰教你的?
Qui t'a appris a te deguiser ?陳校長?
Directeur Chan ?剛才沒了鬍子你就不認識我
Tu ne me reconnais pas sans moustache ?枉我一番心血教導你
Tous mes efforts sur toi ont donc ete vains.知不知錯?
Te repenstu ?知道
Oui.知道又怎麼樣?
Et ?打五十下手板
Punition de 50 coups.本來就是打五十大板
50 coups c'est la normale.但是你妝化得亂七八糟  多打三十!
Mais 30 de plus pour ton maquillage pouilleux !在這個時候  我想起陳校長說過
Puis, je me rappelais ce que Chan disait :在外面遊歷的浪子
Car un enfant prodige est toujours...就好像秋天的落葉一樣
comme une feuille d'automne...當秋風過後 他們就會落地歸根
sa racine est son dernier foyer.不知道家鄉的那棵樹的葉子落了沒有?
Les feuilles tombentelles a la maison en ce moment ?也不知道家鄉的人有沒有想著我?
Les gens pensentils a moi ?他雖然很用力的打我
Malgre la vigueur des coups de Chan,但我知道他的心很痛
je savais qu'il avait le cœur brise.他說他不想見到我
Il a dit qu'il ne me verrait plus jamais,其實是給我一條路走
je sais qu'il veut me mettre sur la voie.我很感激你  陳校長!
Je ne vous oublierai jamais ! Directeur Chan !鳳姐  怎麼了?
Qu'y atil, Phœnix ?殺氣
L'odeur du sang.我感覺到有一股殺氣
Je sens une force intense venir.小霸王回來了!
Tyran le Kid est revenu !別以為...
Tu crois pas que...去年義弟對我說
Mon frere a dit...被龍鳳店那個臭婆娘教訓了一頓
qu'il s'est fait battre severement par une garce ici l'an passe.我還以為多厲害  原來是這等貨色
Je pensais qu'elle etait quelque chose.
Maintenant je vois que c'etait du hasard.你哪位?
Et qui estce ?我是江湖號稱千手如來
Je suis "L'Incomparable Mille Mains"...鐵掌無敵左冷禪
Zuo Lengchan我今天來是為我義弟報仇的
Je suis venu venger mon frere de sang.鐵掌無敵!
Mille Mains l'Incomparable ! 讓我來!  無敵?
 Fais voir !  Incomparable ?根據左冷禪的《江湖血淚史》描述
Selon les memoires de Zuo Lengchan...當時的情形其實是這樣的
cela s'est passe ainsi.我栽在小霸王兄妹手上
Ils m'ont frappe comme...我除了敗在... 不  Sorry
Desole !我栽在小霸王兄妹手上
Ils m'ont frappe comme...其實不是這個版本
En fait, c'est pas vraiment ce qu'il s'est passe.他們用亂棍打我
C'etait des "Ultimate Street Fighters".用街頭霸王四十二式最殘酷那招!
Ils m'ont joue les tours les plus cruels !我就栽在一張折椅上
J'ai ete blesse par une chaise pliante.現在還經常會出血
La blessure continue de saigner parfois.不打啦! 不打啦!
Arretez... Arretez !我怕了你們倆! 不打啦!
Vous avez gagne ! Je renonce !好吃嗎?
C'est bon ?一碗用愛心做出來的面能不好吃嗎?
Comment des nouilles faites avec amour pourraient ne pas etre savoureuses ?不行!
Non !比老媽的手藝差得遠了
Ça n'egale pas les nouilles de mere.我走了兩年  你一點長進也沒有?
Deux ans, et tu n'as pas progresse.學學我嘛!
Prends exemple sur moi !你看
Regarde.媽死之前  給你這條手鏈
Mere a laisse ce bracelet是希望你遇到一個人娶了她  把它送掉
pour ta future fiancee.都忘了吧?
Tu as oublie ?說我? 你那條呢?
Tu me sermonnes ? Et toi alors ?說你這人沒長進
Tu as mieux reussi ?你以為我不想?
Tu crois que je ne veux pas ?整個村的人誰不知道你是我哥?
Le village entier sait que je suis ta sœur.還有誰敢追我?
Qui oserait vouloir de moi ?你可別賴我!
S'il te plaît, ne m'engueule pas !不看你自己像個男人婆似的誰敢追!
Tu agis trop comme un homme pour qu'un homme t'aime !你看我  從頭到腳
Moi, comme un homme ?哪個地方像男人?
Comment ça ?先生
Excusezmoi, monsieur...請問你  這附近有客棧嗎?
Y atil une auberge dans le coin ?趁早死吧你!
Va au diable !對不起
Excusezmoi.所以說  你就別賴你哥嚇走那些鄉民
Ne dis pas que c'est moi qui fais que les villageois te fuient.為了證實與我無關
Pour le prouver,我現在就去看望他們
je vais aller les voir.龍哥
Mon frere.請我喝喜酒?
Une invitation a votre banquet de noce ?我代表鄉民把這絕交信交給你
Au nom du village, je vous remets cette lettre.信裏寫得清清楚楚
La lettre le dit clairement.希望你以後千萬別找我們
Nous voulons que vous restiez a l'ecart.從此以後  大家河水不犯井水
Desormais, nous voulons ne rien avoir a faire avec vous.你有病呀?
Vous etes cingles ?一點都不顧別人感受?
Vous ne pouvez pas etre prevenants ?既然信裏寫得清清楚楚
Si la lettre dit deja tout,用不著你再口述一次吧?
pourquoi la lisezvous tout haut ?去死吧你!
Va au diable !龍哥!
Mon frere !黑豬!
Porc Noir !別以為這裏沒有人喜歡我
J'ai des amis ici.很久沒見了  這位是?
Ça fait longtemps. Et qui c'est ?也就只有這些畜生願意跟你交朋友
Oui, quelques amis bizarres.連名字都叫豬朋狗友
Et avec des noms d'animaux.龍哥!
Mon frere !他的名字可不叫畜生
Il a un vrai nom.快告訴鳳姐  你的名字叫什麼?
Vite, dis a Phœnix ton nom !情比金堅!
Amour Amour !不是外號  真名呀!
Pas ton surnom, ton vrai nom.羅曼蒂克!
RoManTique !看到妹妹一身男人打扮  我完全可以理解
Je comprends pourquoi ma sœur s'habille comme un homme.當一個女人極度渴望她的意中人出現
Quand une femme attend desesperement son homme...但是又沒出現
pendant longtemps...她的潛意識就會令她裝扮心目中那個人
elle s'habille comme lui avant de le rencontrer.我感應到她
Je peux lire dans ses pensees...是因為我們從小就有心靈感應
parce qu'un fort sentiment nous connecte depuis l'enfance.我知道她現在想什麼
Je sais a quoi elle pense en ce moment.真棒! 感應到哥哥了?
Genial ! Tu lis dans mes pensees aussi !真的感應到?
Vraiment ? Oui ?有眼屎也不擦掉
Va vite ta laver la figure !好  替你找個老公!
Je vais te trouver un epoux !我小霸王李一龍叫大家來是為了一件事
Moi, Tyran le Kid, je vous ai rassembles, parce que...我知道你們不愛搭理我
Je sais que vous ne pensez pas trop a moi.老實說  我也不愛搭理你們
Moi non plus.但你們不可以因為我而對我妹妹有偏見
Mais n'ayez rien contre ma sœur a cause de moi.今天跟大家說
Je vous demande...就是要幫我妹妹找一個真心愛她的男人
d'aider ma sœur a trouver un homme qui l'aime vraiment.如果他經得起我們梅龍鎮
Si un homme peut survivre...那個萬試萬靈的真心爐考驗
au Feu Sacre de Meilong,無論是乞丐還是皇帝
qu'il soit roi ou indigent,伸手進去又燒不到的話
s'il met sa main en restant indemne,證明他是真心不怕紅爐火
alors c'est un vrai heros avec un vrai cœur.我就會把我妹妹嫁給他
Qui peut epouser ma sœur.而我阿龍...
Quant a moi...就會離開梅龍鎮
je quitterai Meilong這輩子都不回來!
pour ne jamais revenir !誰敢來試?
Quelqu'un veut essayer ?我! 我! 我! 我!
Nous !這麼踴躍?
Tant de volontaires ?沒一個是真心真意喜歡我妹妹的
Aucun d'entre vous n'aime vraiment ma sœur.你們全都想我走!
Vous voulez juste vous debarrasser de moi !活該全變成燒豬手!
Ça vous apprendra !好! 不幫我妹妹找到好男人
Bien ! Si ma sœur ne peut trouver un mari,我是不會離開梅龍鎮
je ne quitterai pas Meilong.太感動了!
Ainsi !龍哥這番話
Mon frere me rappelle令我想起《大話西遊》裏面孫悟空他說過
les paroles du Roi Singe dans "L'Odyssee chinoise"...曾經有一碗熱辣辣的燒豬手面擺在面前
"Il y avait un bol chaud de nouilles au porc rôti devant moi,"但我沒有珍惜
"mais je n'ai pas su l'apprecier,"到面涼了之後才後悔莫及
"et je n'ai pas mange jusqu'a ce que ce soit devenu froid."塵世間最痛苦的事莫過於此
"Rien au monde ne fait davantage souffrir !"你說這話跟龍哥說的話有關係嗎?
Quel est le rapport avec ton frere ?一點都沒關係
Rien !可我感動嘛
Mais ça m'a emue !各位鄉親父老
Les amis,為了答謝大家多年來對龍鳳店的厚愛
pour avoir soutenu notre restaurant pendant tant d'annees...龍鳳店今天實行八折酬賓
nous offrons une remise de 20% aujourd'hui...而且推出龍鳳鴛鴦包
et les specialites telles que nos brioches maisons,與及超級無敵炸臘腸套餐
et les menus aux saucisses frites.頭三位客人還加送神秘禮物
Et des cadeauxsurprises pour les trois premiers clients.千萬別錯過!
Une offre a ne pas manquer !你這混蛋!
Horribles creatures !我酬賓  又不是要你捐款!
Je remercie mes clients, je ne vous demande pas de faire des dons !龍哥  我已經吃過午飯了
Mon frere, j'ai deja mange.宵夜和晚飯不用吃?
Et pour ton prochain repas, et celui d'apres ?來! 來!
Viens !妹妹  有人心臟病呀!
Ma sœur, quelqu'un s'est evanoui !你混蛋裝死?
On joue le mort maintenant ?鳳姐  龍哥這樣做還不是為了多幫你一些
Phœnix. Ton frere fait tout ça pour toi.一個客人都沒有  要他幫什麼?
Personne ne vient, que peutil faire d'autre ?他像支殺蟲水一樣堵在門口
Il est pire que du pesticide, a rester ici comme ça.連蒼蠅都不飛進來了
Meme une mouche ne rentre pas.好! 走著瞧!
Regardezmoi faire !小霸王來了! 快走!
Tyran le Kid est ici !龍哥  你不是故意捉弄我吧?
Mon frere, epargnemoi !故意作弄? 我來關照你!
Quoi ? Je te fais faire des affaires.但是我的客人全都跑去關照你的店了
Oui, mais tous mes clients t'en ont fait faire.這批不走怎會有第二批呢?
C'est ça les affaires, ça va et ça vient.你老坐在這兒  哪還有人敢來?
Avec toi ici, ça ne fait que partir.向右不行  向左也不行
C'est bloque des deux côtes...前面還有個擋道的
Et un idiot devant !奇怪  我的心怎會跳得這麼厲害?
Pourquoi mon cœur batil si vite ?難道是妹妹?
Estce ma sœur ?原來真是她看到那位公子
Elle est attiree par ce monsieur.心跳得碰碰響
Pas etonnant que mon pouls s'accelere.好! 讓哥哥幫你安排這段姻緣
Ainsi soitil ! Mettonsles ensemble.掌櫃的  快點!
Serveur, vite !老兄  好身手!
Frere, bien evite !坐下喝杯酒!
Assiedstoi et bois un coup !當時我們的距離是七公尺零八公分
a une distance de 7,08 m...在不夠四分之一柱香的時間  我做了一個決定
et en 1/4 de seconde, j'ai pris une decision.我看他人品不錯  身手也挺好
Ce monsieur etait athletique, et plutôt bel homme...所以我決定把他介紹給我妹妹
j'ai decide de le presenter a ma sœur.當時我距離這個人是三公尺零八公分
a une distance de 3,08 m...但在不到四分之一柱香的時間裏
et en 1/4 de seconde...我做了一個影響終生的決定
j'ai pris une decision qui bouleversa ma vie.既然我身上的銀兩沒了
J'etais fauchee,這個傻冒兒又說要請客
et il m'offrait un festin.所以  我決定吃死他
J'ai decide de manger le maximum.當時我的心情亂到
Je n'avais aucune idee de...不知道那個距離有幾公分
la distance...連香都不用點  我就做出了一個決定
ni du temps...我一找到機會  就放瀉藥拉死他們!
Mais je devais trouver un moyen de me debarrasser d'eux.這位相公非常特別
Ce monsieur se demarque des autres.我從來沒見過我哥這麼熱情招待一位客人
Mon frere n'a jamais traite quelqu'un aussi bien.從那天開始
Depuis ce jour...他們每天在小泉居喝酒聊天
ils ont bu et parle, comme tous les jours.看來他不只吸引了我哥  還吸引了我
Mon frere a l'air attire par lui, et moi aussi.你肚子很餓? 吃塊雞
Tu as faim, hein ? Essaye le poulet.我們梅龍鎮的雞非常好吃
Meilong est celebre pour son poulet.我的酒呢?
Apportemoi du vin !與龍哥共舉杯
Un verre avec un bon frere,萍水相逢作朋友
un ami par un beau temps.世間相聚不容易
En ce temps et lieu on s'est rencontres,請你再飲這杯酒
d'un toast on a besoin.好賢弟  慶相逢
Je cheris notre rencontre,一見如故說風流
une chaleureuse et merveilleuse chance投緣就是好兄弟
entre nous, il y a la chaleur,今夜與你喝個夠
cette nuit est une fete.與龍哥稱兄弟
Nous pouvons etre freres,千杯不醉樂悠悠
notre joie ne connaît de limite.樓台近水月當空
Pour nous le monde existe,酒逢冤家又何求
peu importe ou menent nos voies.好賢弟  喝一杯
Je cheris notre nuit,人生夢醒再回首
que demain soit un autre combat.百年好酒千杯少
De ce vin nous nous rassasions那怕老闆要我走
peu importe son cœur saignera.關我什麼事?
Quel est le rapport avec moi ?金鑲玉  鳳求凰
Dragon pour Phœnix,人間最難配成雙
c'est une matrice compliquee.天下知己當你我
Maintenant qu'on se connaît,只恨時光太匆忙
notre futur doit etre repeint.說不完  喝不夠
Mon frere regarde,最難得是好朋友
un soleil a besoin d'une lune pour faire un tout.酒逢知己千杯少
Le bon vin doit etre cheri.只恨時光太匆忙
Mais le temps a aussi disparu.龍兄
Mon frere,這兒雖然又吃又住招呼周到  不過...
la nourriture et la vie ici, c'est genial, mais...我想我還是該走了
je dois partir.不錯
Oui.天下沒有不散的筵席
Toutes les fetes ont une fin.再這麼下去  我也不知能頂多久
Je ne peux tenir plus longtemps de toute façon.開始我以為我請你一頓
D'abord, je croyais你怎麼也得回請我一頓
qu'on allait acheter a tour de rôle...結果頓頓都是我請
Finalement, j'ai paye a chaque fois.不過我不是一個小器的人
Pas que ça m'importe...我只不過是一個有什麼就說什麼的人
Je dis ce que je ressens.我知道你一定有困難
Tu dois etre en difficulte financiere.這兒有些銀子  你拿去吧
Tiens, prends ceci.根據無雙長公主日後出版的回憶錄
Selon les memoires de la princesse Wushuang...《我和小霸王的一段情》裏記載
Amour a la Tyran le Kid...當晚  當小霸王抱著她的時候
Cette nuit, dans les bras de Tyran le Kid...她經歷了人生中一個極度難忘的時刻
elle a eprouve un moment inoubliable...她第一次有心跳的感覺
Pour la premiere fois de sa vie, elle a senti son pouls.但是  在小霸王的回憶錄中
Toutefois, Tyran le Kid s'est rappele de cette nuit...對那晚的描述又是另一個版本
plutôt differemment.多多保重!
Prends soin de toi !不過  根據小泉居老闆的
Toutefois, selon l'aubergiste...回憶錄《誓不低頭》
qui a offert un autre point de vue dans ses memoires[我與小霸王對抗三十年]裏面描述
Mes Trente Ans de Combat sans relache avec Tyran le Kid其實情形是這樣的
Voici ce qu'il s'est vraiment passe...當晚很混亂  也不知道誰抱著誰
Impossible de dire qui tenait qui...場面極度感人
les emotions etaient chargees.送完又送  抱完又抱
Ils faisaient leurs adieux continuellement,又抱又送  依依不捨
il y avait tant d'etreintes.反正就是沒完沒了
Sans fin en vue.送君千里終須一別
Faisons nos adieux ici.我還是不送了
Adieux !送君千里終須一別
Faisons nos adieux ici.不知不覺都送了你一個月
Ça fait un mois qu'on fait nos adieux.再送就送到你家了
Tu seras bientôt chez toi.這次真的不送了
Partons maintenant !保重!
Prends soin de toi !哥  其實兩個人吃飯
Frere, a trois autour d'un dîner...還是沒有三個人吃飯開心
c'est plus amusant qu'a deux.妹妹  你別發愁
Sœur, ne sois pas contrariee.我知道你想著王相公  我有辦法
Je sais qu'il te manque. J'ai une solution.什麼辦法?
Une solution ?這玩意
J'ai appris ça...是我這幾年闖蕩江湖時學回來的
pendant mes jours sauvages.叫做念力
"Concentration"如果你想那個人出現
Quand quelque chose te manque, quelqu'un...只要你集中精神看同一點
tu te concentres sur un point看著看著它就會出現了
et cette personne apparaît.哥  看這麼久你累不累呀?
Tu fixes le meme point depuis longtemps. Tu n'es pas fatigue ?當然累  我現在全身肌肉都僵了
Si ! Mon corps est tout engourdi.連眼皮都合不上  快幫我找大夫
Je ne peux plus fermer les yeux. Appelle un docteur !快!
Va ! 這麼早?  對呀
 Tu arrives tôt.  Oui.先坐  煮碗麵給你吃
Assiedstoi. Tu veux des nouilles ?又回來看看?
Tu reviens nous rendre visite ?對
Oui.那你隨便
Fais comme chez toi.天下知己當你我
Maintenant qu'on se connaît,只恨時光太匆忙
notre futur doit etre repeint.說不完  喝不夠
Mon frere regarde,最難得是好朋友
un soleil a besoin d'une lune pour faire un tout.酒逢知己千杯少
Le bon vin doit etre cheri,只恨時光太匆忙
mais le temps a aussi disparu.阿龍哥  舉目瞧
Frere, regarde.舉目瞧
Regarde.那太陽月亮又一雙
Le soleil et la lune sont ensemble.又一雙
Ensemble.日夜更替緊相隨
Du jour a la nuit se suivent etroitement.緊相隨
Se suivent etroitement.相輝相映如我倆
Rayonnent comme nous.情比金堅  什麼名?
"Amour Amour" ! C'est quoi ce nom ?不喝了!
On ne boit plus !這死鬼的真名叫正德王
Ce gosse a le meme nom que l'empereur Zheng De !參見聖上!
Je m'incline devant Votre Majeste !平身!
Debout !小王八蛋  我拿刀砍死你!
Petit con, attention !看你樣子  該到婚娶的時候了
Petit frere, tu es en age de te marier.為何尚未成親?
Pourquoi tu es encore celibataire ?我沒找到如意郎君
Je n'ai pas trouve mon mari destine.如意郎君?
Ton mari ?你當自己是女人?
Tu crois etre une femme ?我就是女人!
Je suis une femme.那我妹妹豈不是男人?
Wow, ça fait de ma sœur un homme.是呀  每個人看到我都叫我先生
Oui, ils m'appellent tous "monsieur".我扮給你們看  等一下
Je vous montre, attendez moi.像不像個男人?
J'ai l'air d'un homme ?像!
Oui !看我的
a mon tour.我像不像個女人?
J'ai l'air d'une femme ?好像!
Wow !輪到我!
a mon tour.我們耍一套虎鶴相形拳給王相公看!
Executons les Poings de la Grue Tigre ensemble哥  你這個女裝真是太美了
Frere, tu es genial en femme.完了!
C'est fini !我這樣一個金枝玉葉  跟他有了肌膚之親
Je suis de la royaute, et j'ai partage le lit avec lui...他日怎麼向母后交代?
Comment je vais expliquer ça a la Reine Mere ?他是一介莽夫  而我堂堂一個長公主
C'est un paysan, et je suis une princesse.母后怎麼會答應呢?
La Reine Mere n'approuvera jamais !人妖!
Un travesti !忘了換衣服
Oublie de me changer.先刷牙吧
Brossetoi.你哥神裏神經的
Ton frere est un peu fou.他以前也不是這個樣子
Il n'etait pas comme ça avant.自從他被那個富家小姐拋棄之後
Apres avoir ete abandonne par une fille riche,才性情大變的
il a beaucoup change.其實那個富家小姐
La fille riche小時候家裏也是沒錢的
n'etait pas riche au depart.她跟她的阿爺住在村尾
Elle vivait avec son grandpere en dehors du village.有一年  她摔斷了腿
Elle s'est casse la jambe une annee.我哥每天背著她走二十多里地去看大夫
Mon frere la portait chez le docteur tous les jours, plusieurs kilometres.還幫她做好晚飯  送她回家
Il lui faisait la cuisine, la faisait rentrer, et puis...後來她爹在京城裏發了財
Un jour son pere est devenu riche,便覺得我哥配不上她
et lui a dit qu'elle etait trop bien pour lui.讓他們斷絕了來往
Ça s'est termine comme ça.我哥傷心之下  被迫出外闖蕩世界
Mon frere a eu le cœur brise et est parti.其實我知道  他是不想留在這個傷心地
Je sais que mon frere veut quitter ce malheureux endroit,他總希望有一天可以在外面碰見她
il espere un jour la rencontrer.那怕是只看她一眼  他就好滿足了
Juste pour la voir, et il serait satisfait.你幹嘛?
Tu fais quoi ?剛剛洗完臉  順便擦擦背
Te frotter le dos apres le visage !要不要洗個腳?
Tu veux que je te lave les pieds ?你這樣好像我爹啊
Tu me rappelles mon pere...滿嘴冒泡
avec cette moustache de mousse.以前  我娘也是這樣幫我爹擦背的
Ma mere frottait le dos a mon pere aussi.喂! 一起出去逛街!
He, sortons !這個盆裏的水呢
L'eau de cette bassine...是從天山姻緣洞裏拿來的
provient de la Caverne du Destin de Tianshan.可以照到塵世間種種奇異的姻緣
Elle reflete la destinee des gens.能不能照出十二指腸和胃潰瘍呀?
Ça reflete aussi les ulceres et autres maladies ?以為戴個假鬍子
Avec ta moustache,我就不認得你是那個什麼情比金堅?
tu croyais que je n'allais pas te reconnaître, Amour Amour ?龍哥  我只是做兼職
Mon frere, je fais ça a temps partiel.也不能天天全職當流氓呀
Je ne peux pas survivre en etant clodo a plein temps.不過這個盆呢
Mais cette bassine d'eau個個試過都說靈
peut vraiment predire votre avenir.是嗎?
Vraiment ?照照我們看
Voyons notre destin.照照看
Allez.是啊  你們的緣份可以做閨中姐妹
Vous avez une bonne voie comme sœurs. 好呀! 好呀!  你胡說什麼?
Tres bien. Tu dis quoi ?那再照照我們倆
Faisons ensemble.你們兩個呢  就可以做夫妻了
Vous serez mari et femme.妹妹!
Sœur !滾一邊去! 待會兒跟你算帳!
Je me vengerai plus tard.妹妹!
Sœur !真是笑死我了
Quel comique !兩個男人怎麼可以結為夫妻呢?
Comment deux hommes peuventils se marier ?不是啊  你們剛才照的時候
Juste maintenant quand vous etiez la...那水面震的好厲害
reconnaissezvous la vibration intense de l'eau,影子不斷的搖動
et le tremblement de l'ombre,這個就叫做「鏡花水月」
c'est le syndrome classique du "Mirage".似真非真  似假非假
a la fois vrai et trompeur.你會跟水影中的阿龍有段姻緣
Vous etes destine a etre avec le Li Yilong
qui existe dans la reflexion de l'eau,但是你不會和你身邊這個
mais pas avec celui du present.既不高大又不矮小的阿龍有結果
Sinon, vous ne fructifieriez pas.你說什麼?
De quoi parlezvous ?當你得到那對天下無雙
Quand vous aurez l'Unique...緣定今生龍鳳配指環的時候
Anneau du Destin,你就會得到「鏡花水月」
le "Mirage" se materialisera裏面真心愛你的人
en amour veritable.記住  這種宿世姻緣叫做
Rappelezvous, votre destin...桃花樹下千里姻緣一線牽
fleurit sous un arbre de fleur de pecher.記住  桃花樹下
Rappelezvous. Fleur de pecher !你耍我?
Ne vous moquez pas de moi !我不是開玩笑  長公主
Je n'oserais pas, Princesse.皇兄正德皇收工啦!
L'empereur Zheng De a fini sa journee.嚇死我了
Vous m'avez presque fait marcher.長公主?
Princesse ?他怎麼知道我是女人?
Comment saitil que je suis une femme ?瘋瘋癲癲的
Quel dingue.老大爺
Monsieur...我被人跟蹤  麻煩你幫我擋擋
Des gens me suivent, aidezmoi.沒問題  長公主
Aucun probleme, Princesse !你是誰?
Qui etesvous ?微臣趙飛
Votre serviteur royal Fay...退休前御臨軍教頭
ancienne tete des troupes du palais,本次是受太后之托  秘密出來
sous le commandement de la Reine Mere,微服追查長公主下落
nous devons operer en deguisement pour trouver la princesse.太后密旨
La Reine Mere a ordonne...不得驚動這裏的地方官  希望不要...
de garder cette operation secrete, alors...不許叫!
Arretez !不許跟著我!
Arretez de me suivre !別跟著我!
Ne me suivez pas !知府大老爺的公子你都敢撞?
Tu oses bousculer le fils du magistrat.你還左看右看?
Qu'estce que tu regardes ?我在跟你說話呢!
Je te parle !是不是想我抓你回去?
Doisje t'arreter ?千萬不要洩露身份
Ne nous exposons pas.他們帶長公主去衙門  我們跟她一起去
Nous pouvons aussi nous faire arreter, afin de la proteger.哥  他們把王相公抓去
Frere, ils l'ont attrape.會不會毒打一頓?
Ils vont le rouer de coups ?不會
Non.你剛才不見突然多了一些人幫王相公
Un groupe d'etrangers semble l'aider.我覺得有古怪
Je sens quelque chose de louche.對呀
Oui.跟我來
Suismoi.他們都是大內高手
Nous sommes tous des gardes imperiaux.一定會保護長公主的安全!
Nous vous protegeons.別吵!
La ferme !究竟剛才誰有份咬我的耳朵?
Qui m'a mordu l'oreille ?沒人敢認是吧?
Personne n'avoue ?過會我爹出來  你們就知道味道!
Vous verrez quand papa va revenir.爹!
Papa !你們這班江洋大盜  簡直目無王法
Bande de brutes !竟敢毆打本官!
Comment osezvous me frapper ?有什麼不敢?
Pourquoi pas ?我們都是江湖上的金牌打手!
Nous sommes des experts en la matiere.什麼金牌打手?
Qui est votre chef ?我家主人  朱字頭!
Les Chu.山東響馬豬油渣嘛
Le gros Chu de Shandong ?再打!
Encore !我說錯了嗎?
J'ai dit quelque chose de mal ?知府大人說
Le magistrat a decide這件事情不屬於刑事毆打
que ce n'est pas un cas criminel.只不過是一宗民事訴訟
Mais juste un cas civil.本衙門不接受這個案子
Nous ne prenons pas les cas civils.馬上把這些人全給我放了!
Liberez tout le monde !你是誰? 你說放就放?
Mais qui etesvous pour commander ?這位公子這麼多話
Ce monsieur semble avoir son opinion...請你出來到後面談一談
Voulezvous entrer discuter ?怕你呀? 進就進!
Pourquoi auraisje peur ?阿成! 阿權! 阿龍! 阿昌! 阿強! 阿達!
Jack ! Joe ! John ! Jim ! Jay ! Josh !統統進來!
Suivezmoi, tous !啥事?
Que se passetil ?走吧!
Partons !住嘴! 別跟著我!
La ferme ! Ne me suivez pas !參見長公...
Votre...不准叫!
La ferme !參見長公...
Votre...不准叫!
La ferme !不要驚動鄉民
N'eveillez pas l'attention du public.叫便服侍衛貼身保護長公主離開本鎮
Les gardes aideront secretement la princesse a s'en aller.我們會在三里外的山坡上接應
On se revoit dans 3 Km.是
Oui.你到底什麼人?
Mais qui estu ?我要走了
Je dois partir.走?
Partir ?那我妹怎麼辦? 泡完溜?
Et ma sœur ? Tu l'abandonnes apres l'intimite ?我才是被人那個那個呢
Je crains que c'est plutôt moi qui suis abandonne.一龍  聽我說
Yilong, ecoute.你記住今天我跟你說的話
Rappelletoi de ce que je te dis aujourd'hui.說!
Parle.那天我們大家喝醉了  有了肌膚之親
On est devenu intime depuis cette nuit ou on s'est soûles.這是鐵一般的事實
C'est indeniable.做男人不可以推卸責任的
Et un homme doit supporter cette responsabilite.對呀!
Bien sûr.做丈夫的要對妻子千依百順
Un mari doit faire comme lui dit sa femme...呵護備至  溫柔體貼
Il doit prendre soin d'elle, bien la traiter,別跟她頂嘴
faire attention a ce qu'elle veut.應該是女人對男人才對呀
C'est pas le boulot de la femme ?別搶對白! 讓他說完!
Taistoi et ecoutele !老婆是用來愛護的
Une femme a besoin d'etre aimee.她可能嬌生慣養一點
Elle est un peu gatee.有時又很調皮  你就遷就她一下
Un peu indisciplinee parfois, et tu dois assurer ses besoins.我不是這個樣子的!
Je suis pas comme ça !別吵! 等我把話講完!
La ferme et laissemoi finir !如果你可以做到這樣
Si tu peux faire ça,就是個好丈夫了  知道嗎?
tu peux etre un bon mari. Tu comprends ?你跟我說這些幹什麼? 你跟你自己說!
Pourquoi me dire ça ? Disle a toimeme !我會回來接你的
Je reviendrai pour toi.你接我幹嘛? 你接她才對!
Moi ? Tu devrais revenir pour elle !沒事吧?
Ça va ?王相公  你擱錯肩膀哭吧?
Excusemoi, tu ne serres pas la mauvaise personne ?你上京吧
Tu dois aller de l'avant.他都不理我
Mais il m'a ignoree.我不是說你
Je ne parle pas a toi.我真的走了
Je dois vraiment partir.你一定要回來
Tu dois revenir.你做的菜這麼好吃  我一定會再回來的
Tu cuisines si bien. Je reviendrai, c'est sûr.你怎麼了?
Ça va ?我以為  他抱著我的時候...
Je croyais que dans ses bras,我會很興奮
je serais tout excitee.但我為什麼沒有一種心跳的感覺?
Mais en fait je n'ai rien ressenti.這是怎麼回事?
Pourquoi ?那麼多朝廷命官護著他
Pourquoi estil protege par la cour royale ?他到底是什麼人?
Qui peutil etre ?我記得他有個包袱在這兒
Il a dû laisser son sac quelque part.你在這兒小便!
Tu oses pisser ici !龍哥  不是呀  大狗在拉屎!
Mais Gros Chien est dans les toilettes.龍哥... 我來拿! 我來拿!
Mon frere... Laissemoi le prendre !幹什麼?
Que se passetil ?龍哥...
Mon frere...別吵! 緊張時刻!
Silence ! L'heure de verite.他是皇上?
Estce l'empereur ?我跟皇上打過滾?
J'ai traîne avec l'empereur ?鳳姐男朋友是皇帝!
Le copain de Phœnix est l'empereur !鳳姐男朋友是皇帝...
Le copain de Phœnix est l'empereur !鳳姐要做皇妃啦
Phœnix va devenir princesse.情比金堅  你到哪去?
Amour Amour, ou vastu ?我有事  一會兒再回來找你
J'ai des courses a faire. Je reviens.走! 全給我走!
Cassezvous ! Partez !我最討厭人勢利眼!
Je hais les gens avides !以前不見你們對我妹妹這麼好?
Vous n'avez jamais bien traite ma sœur avant.現在才來巴結
Maintenant c'est trop tard.龍鳳店不做你們生意!
Notre restaurant ne servira aucun d'entre vous !龍哥  外面傳得很厲害
Mon frere, il y a plein de rumeurs qui courent.說皇上都在玩弄你的妹妹
Il paraît que l'empereur traînait juste avec votre sœur.皇上不是那種人
Non.我跟他生活過一段時間
J'ai passe du temps avec cet homme.我很瞭解他
Je le connais vraiment.我不會讓我妹妹淪為玩偶的
Je ne laisserai pas ma sœur se faire jeter.我明天就上京找皇上
Je vais chercher l'empereur demain.奴才該死!
Notre faute !分明是一派胡言!
N'importe quoi !大風能把長公主吹走嗎?
Comment peuton perdre la princesse a cause d'une rafale de vent ?如果不把長公主找回來
Si vous n'arrivez pas a ramener la princesse,你們就人頭不保!
des tetes vont tomber.母后息怒!
Soyez tranquille, Reine Mere !孩兒只是想請示母后
Je suis volontaire...請母后准許孩兒帶大內密探
pour mener la troupe imperiale,一起去把皇妹找回來
afin de trouver la princesse.希望有個戴罪立功的機會
Je demande une chance de prouver ma valeur以表示孩兒對母后的歉意
et montrer mon repentir.你去吧
Souhait accorde.謝母后!
Merci, Reine Mere.做皇帝也是需要有點演技的
Un empereur doit savoir jouer la comedie.這次終於可以出去走走
Enfin, je vais pouvoir prendre l'air.哥!
Frere !哥!
Frere !鳳姐
Phœnix !看到我哥嗎? 我找一早上都沒找到他
Vous avez vu mon frere ? Je l'ai cherche toute la journee.我剛剛在橋頭上還看到他
Je l'ai vu au pont.他好像去找王相公
Il va chercher l'empereur.找王相公?
Mon frere est parti le chercher ?又是你?
Encore toi ?我靠! 你以為你是誰?
Merde ! Pour qui tu te prends ?又來找龍哥麻煩?
Pourquoi vienstu encore nous ennuyer ?自從上次之後
Depuis la derniere fois...我回去苦練我的刀法
je me suis beaucoup entraîne.終於  讓我領悟到無敵鴛鴦刀
Maintenant j'excelle dans le maniement des Lames Incomparables.這次來  是想再領教你們兄妹倆
Je suis revenu pour vous battre !這套劍法  莫非是失傳的...
C'est la technique, longtemps perdue de... ?沒錯  這就是眉來眼去劍法!
Bien devine. C'est les "Yeux de la Romance".這套劍法精粹就是剛中帶柔
Ce style accentue ce qui est mou dans le dur,廝殺之中閃著無限的溫馨
meme dans les coups il y a de la tendresse.以勾魂攝魄的眼神
Les yeux trompent l'ennemi,置對手死於無形之中!
rompant toute defense !實在太邪!
C'est mysterieux.我要再加強功力!
Je dois me mettre a un autre niveau !好! 我也要加強功力!
Bien ! Moi aussi !喂! 借我點眼神!
He, faismoi les yeux doux ! 我?  來!
 Moi ?  Vite !好一朵江南小野花!
Wow, quelle femme fleurissante !最多就是這樣了
C'est le maximum que je puisse faire.這個行不行?
Et ça ?不要逼我  不要這樣  夠了
Non, arrete, ça suffit !還不行?
Pas assez ?這個行不行?
Et ça ?我們給你眼神!
On aide !行!
C'est bon !我的鏈子都斷了
J'ai casse mon bracelet.小心! 這刀有毒!
Attention, la lame est empoisonnee !不把毒血吸出來  麻煩就大了!
Il faut sucer le sang !我第一次感覺到愛情的心跳
Estce la premiere fois que je ressens
le sang de l'amour dans mon cœur.可是在這生死關頭
Au bord de la vie et de la mort,我竟然開始胡思亂想
je commence a fantasmer !我知道她在胡思亂想
Je sais qu'elle fantasme.我要比她更胡思亂想!
Je dois la surpasser !高公子在幹什麼?
Que fait M. Ko ?可能是在胡思亂想吧
Il fantasme, probablement.今天 從這個高公子口中知道
M. Ko m'a appris aujourd'hui他原來是戲班唱戲的
qu'il etait acteur a l'origine.就像我哥一樣  四海為家
Comme mon frere, c'est un vagabond.晚上  他又突然回來了
Il est revenu ce soir說怕左冷禪再出現  要貼身保護我
pour me proteger, au cas ou Zuo Lengchan reviendrait.我沒辦法拒絕他
Je n'ai pas pu refuser.因為他有一種令人無法抗拒的威嚴
Il a une grandeur irresistible.睡不著?
Tu ne peux pas dormir ?不是
Je vais bien.別胡思亂想了  睡吧
Arrete de fantasmer et dors.我不會做出不君子的越軌行為
Je suis un homme respectable.又怎麼了?
Et maintenant ?胳膊冷
J'ai froid aux epaules.那我手搭你身上好不好?
Tu veux que je les rechauffe ?隨便
OK.你冷嗎?
Tu as froid ?一點點
Un peu.要不要... 把手借給你?
Tu... veux un coup de main ?也好
Pourquoi pas.現在有沒有暖一點?
C'est chaud ?暖一點  不過腳有點冷
C'est chaud. Mais j'ai froid aux jambes.那搭在一起吧
Mettons nos jambes ensemble.不如我們抱緊一點好了
On peut se serrer fort.好了  現在可以睡覺了
Maintenant, dors.不要胡思亂想啦
Et ne fantasme pas.你覺不覺得有點熱?
C'est pas trop chaud ?對呀  怎麼多了這麼多手手腳腳?
Il y a plein de mains et de jambes la !你們給我出去!
Laissezmoi !不是說你呀  鳳姐!
Non, pas toi, Phœnix !鳳姐! 鳳姐!
Phœnix ! Phœnix ! 公子!  放手!
Monsieur ! Lachemoi !你們在搞什麼東西?
Qu'estce que vous foutez ?貼身保護!
Nous vous protegeons !皇上  你一直跟太后說
Votre Majeste, vous avez dit a la Reine Mere...出來是來找長公主的
que vous trouveriez la princesse.可是你一出來就找女人
Pas que vous courrez apres des femmes.你說你這個事情如果給太后知道了
Si elle entend ça,那我們可就慘了
la Reine Mere nous tuera.各位大哥啊
Mes freres,其實我比你們還更慘呀
mais je suis pire que mort !我一出生就沒得挑  就要做皇帝
Je suis condamne empereur depuis la naissance.其實我是一個天真活潑
Je suis en fait innocent,充滿創意的年輕人
vif et creatif.我最大的理想就是改變這個世界!
Mon reve est de changer ce monde.皇上  你什麼意思?
Que veut dire Sa Majeste ?其實我的意思就是不拘小節
Je veux dire qu'il faut oublier les formalites.以後君臣之間  大家見面時就握握手
Desormais, on se sert la main quand on se rencontre.要不然就敬個禮
Ou un bonjour, ça suffit.再不然...
Ou, meme...剛剛的感覺是不是很親切?
Ça, c'etait chaleureux, n'estce pas ?皇上!
Votre Majeste !乖!
Bon garçon !我那感人的演技  又再一次成功了
Mes talents d'acteur frappent de nouveau !就憑我生平絕學草上飛輕功
Avec ma meilleure technique de "Voler sur l'Herbe",三日之內就可到達皇宮
je peux atteindre le palais en trois jours.我在這兒呢!
He, je suis la ! 我來啦!  別跳過來!
 J'arrive !  Non !叫了你了  還是往裏掉
Je t'avais dit de ne pas approcher !你怎麼會在這兒?
Pourquoi estu la ? 我啊  我是來找...  我呀?
 Je... je suis la...  Pour moi ?要不然咱們大聲喊救命吧
Et si on criait a l'aide ?得了吧
Non.男人大丈夫輕易向人求救的嗎?
Les hommes ne crient pas facilement a l'aide.讓我用草上飛的輕功救你出去吧
Laissemoi te sauver avec "Voler sur l'Herbe".其實我的輕功在爛泥裏很難發揮的
Tu sais, ça ne marche pas aussi bien sur la boue que sur l'herbe.等曬幾天  泥巴干了就好了
Ça ira mieux quand ça sera sec.放心  雨過之後就會天晴
Pas de soucis, il y a toujours le beau temps apres la pluie.渴死啦  我好想喝水
J'ai soif.所以說你不夠江湖經驗
Tu n'as pas assez d'experience.那天下雨  你看我嘴張那麼大就知道了
Tu sais pourquoi j'avais ouvert la bouche pendant la pluie.先喝一點存起來
Un peu de stock ne fait pas de mal.怎麼了你?
Quoi ?我喝得太多了  尿急
Trop de stock.肚子餓先吃片葉子
Mange des feuilles si tu as faim.那你幹嘛不吃? 嫌髒吧
Pourquoi ne la mangestu pas ? Trop sale ?我才沒你那麼笨
Je suis pas aussi stupide que toi.你還叼著呢
Tu le tiens toujours !喂  把嘴伸過來
Ne tourne pas ici.快點!
Vite !好點了吧?
Ça va mieux ?你哭啦?
He, tu pleures.別浪費  留點給我!
Ne le gache pas, je vais le prendre !咸是咸了點  但可以頂得住
Un peu sale, mais ça va.你別笑  繼續哭
Ne rigole pas. Continue a pleurer.一滴不夠喝的
J'en veux plus.雖然  我是金枝玉葉
Bien qu'ayant ete elevee en famille royale,從小被很多人萬般寵愛
et dorlotee depuis la naissance,原來都比不上這個男人
Ça ne vaut pas l'attention de cet homme...在這一刻對我的關懷
pour moi en ce moment.放心! 風風雨雨過後就...
Relaxetoi ! Apres la tempete, on...不要再說啦
Ne parle plus,再說我們就得遭雷劈啦
Sinon, on va etre frappes par le tonnerre.她說打雷的嘛
C'est pas moi qui ai parle de tonnerre.你劈我幹什麼?
Pourquoi sur moi ?老婆婆  你已經看了我們兩個時辰了
Meme, tu nous regardes depuis des heures.到時候救我們呀
Quand vastu nous sauver ?我也是在考慮呀
Je reflechis...有沒有這個能力可以救你們?
si je peux vous aider.那還不快點去找人!
Va chercher de l'aide ! Vite !好!
OK !在她說完這個「好」字之後五個時辰
Une demijournee apres qu'elle ait dit "OK",她不過走了不到十公尺
elle est encore a quelques metres de nous.鵝呀鵝  如果你有靈性
L'oie, si tu nous comprends,就快點找人來救我們
va chercher de l'aide.如果你救了我們
Si tu nous sauves,我以後立法  全國禁止吃燒鵝!
je publierai une loi contre la degustation d'oie.這一隻就有靈性了
Elle a l'air d'avoir des pouvoirs surnaturels.你這呆頭鵝! 叫你帶人來
Stupide oie ! On a besoin de gens pour nous aider...你帶群鴨子來幹什麼?
Pourquoi faire tout ça ?別往我頭上拉屎
Ne chie pas sur ma tete.走開!
Partez, partez !有人來了!
De l'aide arrive !老婆婆  我在這兒! 這邊!
He, on est la !我不是不想找人救我們
Ce n'est pas que je ne veux pas etre sauve,但我想兩個人能這樣在一起
mais c'etait si bien nous deux ensemble.為什麼還要讓第三個人出現?
Pourquoi avoir besoin de tiers ?大家兄弟一場
On est comme une famille.以後還會做親戚的
Et tu es mon futur beaufrere.這件事關係到我妹妹的終身幸福
Ça concerne le bonheur de ma sœur.你老實跟我說  你身體有沒有缺陷?
Alors je dois savoir, astu des defauts physiques ?沒有
Non.沒有?
Non ?那你為什麼不肯跟我一起洗澡?
Pourquoi tu ne veux pas te baigner avec moi ?大家都是男人大丈夫  一起洗澡沒問題呀
On est des hommes, ou est le probleme ?我不習慣跟人一起洗澡
Je ne partage pas le bain d'habitude.你不習慣跟人一塊兒洗
Je vois.那你可以自己洗呀
Mais tu peux le faire tout seul.我不習慣像你這樣蹲著洗呀
Je ne peux pas m'accroupir en prenant un bain.你怎麼知道我是蹲著洗澡?
Comment tu sais que je me suis accroupi ?你偷看我?
Tu m'as epie ?用得著偷看嗎?
Pour quoi faire ?門都沒有  怎麼洗?
Il n'y a pas de porte. Comment puisje me baigner ?那倒是  你身為一國之君
Exact, un empereur怎麼能叫你在街上蹲著洗澡呢?
ne peut pas s'accroupir pour un bain.這樣看來是沒辦法了
Il n'y a rien qu'on puisse faire, alors.不如這樣吧  我幫你擦背
Je peux te frotter le dos. 不能擦! 不行!  不用客氣
 Non ! Non !  Allez.擦兩下舒服點
Tu vas trouver ça confortable.擦這兒行了  其它地方不能擦
OK, mais garde ta main sur cette partie.為什麼你跟你妹都這麼喜歡幫人擦背?
Ta sœur aussi aime frotter le dos des gens, pourquoi ?當你是自己人才替你擦
C'est un acte amical.要是換了別人  我理都不理
Je ne frotte pas le dos de n'importe qui.你真算運氣好
Tu as de la chance找到一個像我妹這麼好的女孩
de trouver une fille comme ma sœur.那你自己為什麼不找一個?
Pourquoi tu ne t'en trouves pas une ?我哪有你運氣好? 沒有了
Je suis pas aussi chanceux que toi.像我妹這麼好的女孩子
Les filles comme ma sœur...世界沒有第二個了
ont pratiquement disparu de ce monde.那倒也不一定
Il en reste peutetre.你這麼說可就不對了
Ce n'est pas bien de dire ça.你喜歡一個人就應該對她真心真意
Quand tu aimes quelqu'un, ton cœur doit tomber pour elle entierement.正所謂情有獨鍾
Les gens disent "un cœur, un amour".就算她怎麼平凡
Peu importe qui elle est,在你心目中應該是獨一無二
elle devient unique天下無雙才對
sur la Terre entiere.那你找到你的天下無雙沒有?
Alors tu as trouve ta femme unique ?這種事是可遇而不可求的
Plus facile a dire qu'a faire.曾己何時  我以為自己找到天下無雙
Une fois je croyais avoir trouve mon unique.沒想到在她心目中
En fait, c'etait juste我只不過是一廂相情願
mon espoir secret.我沒有你那麼好運氣
Je ne suis pas chanceux comme toi.我覺得你不用那麼灰心
N'abandonne pas.也許很快你就找到那個人
Tu la trouveras peutetre bientôt.希望如此
J'espere.不過這麼多年來  我老這樣替自己打氣
Tu sais comment je m'encourage toutes ces annees ?碰到什麼挫折  我會跟自己說
Quand je suis fatigue, je me dis :我不過是俗世裏的一粒微塵
Je ne suis qu'une poussiere dans l'immensite.天大煩惱  一個深呼吸
Prends une profonde respiration.就什麼都沒了
Et tous les problemes disparaissent.真深啊!
Oh, ça a l'air tres difficile.不是那麼深的  你試一下
Ce n'est pas dur. Essaye.抓緊拳頭  緊握你的傷心事
Tiens ton chagrin dans la main.然後深呼吸
Puis respire profondement.「噓」一聲  所有怨氣就都跑出來了
Relache toutes les mauvaises ondes a l'exterieur.行不行?
Tu vois ?沒感覺
Aucune difference.你這樣  當然沒感覺
Tu ne l'as pas bien fait.你要想著那些傷心難過的事  那才會有效
Pense a quelque chose qui te rend triste.那我再試試
Laissemoi reessayer.有了! 有了!
Ça marche !真的行?
Vraiment ?對! 絕對有!
Oui, ça marche.我痛苦就是沒飯吃肚子餓
La faim me rendait triste.可是現在我覺得特飽
Maintenant je me sens rempli.看來我也得試一下
Je devrais peutetre essayer.我也好飽
Je me sens rempli aussi.阿全  過來吃飯啦
Venez manger.婆婆  你真是好手藝!
Meme tu cuisines si bien !快點吃! 快點吃!
Allez !多吃點
Mange encore.你胃口真好啊!
Tu as bon appetit !對呀  我想再來一碗呢
J'en veux encore.我幫你!
Je vais t'en chercher.阿龍哥  你來瞧
Mon frere, viens voir.小小竹筷是一雙
Les baguettes vont de paire.同根生來並肩長
Bras dessus bras dessous,好像你我一模樣
tete a tete, comme entre nous deux.我的筷子要遭殃
Mes baguettes ont des ennuis.好賢弟  莫說笑
Petit frere, tu as tort.誰都比那牙籤強
Les curedents sont faibles.筷子不過是酒桌友
Les baguettes sont amusantes,哪能比做咱哥倆
mais notre amitie est forte.咱哥倆  有比方
Notre amitie est veritable.像杯依酒壺配成雙
Naturelle comme la bouteille et le verre.共斟共飲共今宵
L'un verse, l'autre boit, la nuit tombe.分明是一對傻鴛鴦
Un couple ridicule.酒壺胖  酒杯小
La grande bouteille, le petit verre.不般不配怎成雙?
Ils ne peuvent former un couple.你看那湖中白鵝戲
Regardes les oies ensemble,相隨相伴像我倆
partager le plaisir qu'on a.今日游來明天烤
Ensemble aujourd'hui, rôties demain.燒鵝的味道實在香
Le goût est tellement delicieux.實在香
Tellement delicieux.一邊飲  一邊唱
Chanter et boire.天色將明話悠長
La nuit est courte, mais notre conversation est longue.酒兒越喝心越慌
Je m'inquiete de plus en plus.他為何不懂我心中想呀心中想
Comment lui dire ce que j'ai en tete.說者有意聽者癡
Les mots justes sont mal reçus.從來笨蛋活得長
Benis ceux qui refusent de voir.不想明日是與非
Oublions le vrai et le faux de demain.今夜與你醉一場  醉一場
Nous boirons toute la nuit.又怎麼了?
Qu'estce qui t'ennuie ?沒有  剛才吃的太飽了
Rien. J'ai trop mange.這裏鄉下地方  還擔心你會吃不慣呢
Je craignais que tu ne sois pas habitue a la nourriture de paysan.不會  其實吃什麼都無所謂
En fait, ce n'est pas la nourriture qui compte.最主要是跟誰在一起吃
C'est avec qui on mange.粗茶淡飯  一餐半餐你當然覺得新鮮
Oui, la nourriture de paysan est une trouvaille pour toi.將來你回到京城後  很快會不記得了
Tu oublieras tout ça une fois dans le Palais.有件事我想跟你說清楚
Il y a une chose que je veux eclaircir.雖然我們是萍水相逢
On ne se connaît pas depuis longtemps,但也算是患難之交
mais on est de vrais amis.我一直當你是好兄弟
Et je te traite comme un frere.我希望你坦白跟我說
Je veux savoir :你是不是真心喜歡我妹妹?
Aimestu vraiment ma sœur ?如果你是真心真意
Si c'est le cas,我希望你跟我回去  免得我妹擔心
je veux que tu rentres avec moi. Pour qu'elle ne s'inquiete pas.如果你想玩游龍戲鳳
Mais si c'etait juste pour t'amuser,那不如我們就此分手
nous devons nous quitter ici.以後我也不希望再見到你
Et je ne voudrai plus te revoir.我可只有這一個妹子
Je n'ai qu'une sœur,我不希望她受到傷害
je ne veux pas la voir souffrir.其實我真的挺喜歡你妹妹
J'aime beaucoup ta sœur.不過我們真的不可能在...
Mais c'est impossible pour nous...行了
C'est bon !沒事了
Fini.我們好像注定跟這個地方有緣
On dirait que nos chemins sont faits pour se croiser ici.每次分手都會來到這裏
On se quitte ici a chaque fois.我覺得這兒的桃花很美
Les fleurs de pecher ici
sont magnifiques.我跟他說  很想帶一枝回去做紀念
Je lui ai dit que je voulais prendre une branche en souvenir.因為皇宮裏的桃花是永遠都不開的
Celui dans le palais ne fleurit jamais.拿回去看看能不能接枝  春暖就會花開
Prendsle et regarde s'il pousse.
Il devrait fleurir au printemps.記住要朝著陽光
Metsle bien au soleil.告辭了
Au revoir.沒義氣!
Idiot !如果你有妹妹  我一定娶她!
J'epouserais ta sœur si tu en avais une !如果你是一個女的  我也會娶你!
Je t'epouserais si tu etais une femme !有意思! 如果你是女人  我也會娶你!
Bonne idee ! Je t'epouserais si tu etais une femme !好!
Bien !那我們一言為定!
C'est une promesse !我們以桃花為盟!
Prenons les fleurs de pecher comme temoins !好!以桃花為盟!
Prenons les fleurs de pecher comme temoins !我老實告訴你  我是個女的
ecoute, je suis vraiment une femme.我們有過肌膚之親  我們有桃花為盟
On a partage un lit et on a des fleurs de pecher comme temoins.所以你非得娶我不可
Tu dois m'epouser.你是一個女人?
Tu es une femme ?你不相信?
Tu ne me crois pas ?還不信?
Alors ?信了吧?
Encore des doutes ?你剛才可是有反應的
Tu reagis juste maintenant.別跟我說你感覺不到
Ne me dis pas que tu ne ressens rien.做男人說過的就要算數
Un homme doit tenir sa parole.我不是人啊!
Je suis une brute !我對不起我妹妹!
J'ai trahi ma sœur !我橫刀奪愛!
J'ai vole son amour !最慘的是我會有感應
Le pire c'est que je le ressens.難怪一路都覺得怪怪的
Pas etonnant que je me sois senti homo tout le temps.你早點說嘛
Tu aurais pu me le dire plus tôt.你叫我回去怎麼跟我妹妹解釋?
Comment je vais expliquer a ma sœur ?那我去解釋吧
Je lui expliquerai.她一定會傷心啊
Ça va lui briser le cœur.反正錯都錯了
On ne peut pas reculer.現在生米煮成熟飯
Telles que les choses sont maintenant,我想鳳姐她會諒解我們的
Phœnix comprendra.那樣最好...
Ça aurait ete mieux...我從來沒想過要傷害她的
si je n'avais rien fait pour la faire souffrir.難道情比金堅說的是真的?
Amour Amour aurait dit la verite ?我們這段姻緣注定是要顛倒的
Qu'on est destine a jouer nos rôles inverses ?看來我一定要好好保護他才行
On dirait que je dois faire de mon mieux pour le proteger.在過去的十天裏
Ces dix derniers jours,皇上跟我們的關係是越來越親密
l'empereur est de plus en plus proche de nous.他的創意層出不窮
Il devient aussi de plus en plus creatif.這飯一粒一粒真好吃
C'est delicieux.你覺得我設計怎麼樣?
Que pensezvous de ma conception ?皇上  我們都拿慣了刀
Nous sommes plus habitues a porter des armes現在拿這公事包...
que des valises...感覺有點怪怪的
C'est embarrassant.叫你們當專業人士嘛
Mais vous etes des professionnels maintenant.那也不必要穿這麼高跟的鞋呀
Avec de telles chaussures ?這個鞋叫做步步高陞鞋
Ces chaussures a plateforme以後這個設計在官場和商界
deviendront tres chic...一定會大受歡迎的
dans un futur proche.皇上
Sa Majeste你現在穿得倒有點像拖鞋王
est habillee un peu comme un personnage comique.這成何體統啊?
N'estce pas un peu neglige ?這個是我另外一個精心設計
C'est une autre ligne de mes conceptions.我這身打扮  其實是為了試那個鳳姐
Mes costumes me servent a tester Phœnix.如果她知道我是皇上而喜歡我
Si elle sait que je suis l'empereur et qu'elle me court apres,一點也不奇怪
ce n'est rien de special.我現在在這裏每天白吃白喝
Si je mange et que je bois tout le temps,與世無爭  她都會愛我
et que je deviens un homme de loisirs, et qu'elle m'aime toujours,那表示她重視我的才華
ça veut dire qu'elle reconnaît mon talent !阿高哥!
Agogo !我來了!
J'arrive !幫我去打半斤醬油
Va acheter de la sauce de soja pour moi.好!
Oui !你們覺得我這龍鳳店
Que pensezvous de nos新女領班服裝怎麼樣? 還行吧?
nouveaux uniformes de restaurant ? Pas mal, hein ?除了這之外還有菜單
a part ça, on aura un nouveau menu.有了這個  客人點菜就方便多了
Les clients pourront commander plus facilement avec ça.你真的是...
Cheri, tu es fabuleux !他們腳上穿的步步高陞鞋啟發我新的靈感
Les chaussures platesformes m'ont donne une autre inspiration.設計一雙深受女性愛戴的雞骨鞋
J'ai eu l'idee de ces Chaussures en Os de Poulet.這雙鞋的堅硬程度
Chaussures en Os de Poulet足足可以承受兩百斤以上的肥婆!
qui peut supporter meme les femmes qui pesent plus de 200 kg.真是太有天份了!
Quel talent !快去買醬油!
Va acheter la sauce de soja !你們剛看到了  她留意到我的天份
Vous etes temoins. Elle aime mon talent !今天晚上我再幫你們改一個造型!
J'ai de nouveaux trucs pour vous ce soir !不會吧?
Encore ? Non !雙天至尊! 通殺!
L'Ultime ! Le Donneur prend tout !當今天下  誰敢在我面前號稱是至尊?
L'Ultime ? Devant moi ?讓我教訓你們!
Je vais vous montrer quelque chose !好啊!
Ouais !鳳姐! 鳳姐!
Phœnix !我一直以為你只是在戲班懷才不遇
Je croyais que tu etais un acteur talentueux qui attend d'etre decouvert,真沒想到你跟這些市井賭徒一樣沉迷賭博
je savais pas que tu etais un petit parieur.其實我...
En fait...好了吧! 賭已經是不好了
Parier c'est mal.你還去贏鄉民們的血汗錢!
Et tu prends l'argent de ces pauvres gens en plus ?好! 那我去還給他們!
OK ! Je vais rendre l'argent !鳳姐! 鳳姐!
Phœnix !我還給他們了  還加利息
Argent rendu avec interet !其實我是想贏點錢  幫你修理這條金鏈子
En fait, je voulais me faire un peu d'argent pour reparer ton bracelet.誰的這只?
a qui est ce bracelet ?拿錯了  我去換!
Trompe de bracelet ! Je vais l'echanger.我不是有心的
Pas fait expres.有車牌嗎?
Numero de licence ?沒有
Pas de licence.沒車牌你開車滿街亂跑?
Vous courez sans licence ?姓名  地址  保險箱密碼
Nom. Adresse.小霸王的妹妹搶錢呀!
C'est la sœur de Tyran le Kid !你的金鏈子在這兒
Voici ton bracelet.不過我自己加了點小小創意
J'y ai mis une touche personnelle.終於有人被我感動
Mon art frappe de nouveau,不過這次我不是演戲
mais cette fois我是認真的
il est authentique.看來這次我不能再讓鳳姐犯錯誤
On doit empecher Phœnix de commettre une erreur !鳳姐  你在哪呢?
Phœnix, ou estu ?在這兒
Ici. 鳳姐   什麼事?
 Phœnix.  Qu'estce qui ne va pas ?我是代表龍哥來跟你說話的
Je veux te parler, de la part de ton frere.你既然同皇上那樣那樣
Comme tu es, voila, implique avec l'empereur...那如果犯錯誤的話  又那樣那樣
si tu fais une erreur avec M. Ko, ça va etre, voila...龍哥又那樣那樣
Grand frere sera, voila...一個女人怎麼能同時愛兩個男人  那樣那樣
Une femme ne peut, voila, avec deux hommes...我那樣那樣說完了
Voila, j'ai fini.好你個臭小子!
Pauvre mec !你別以為龍哥不在  就有機可乘
Tu crois pouvoir faire comme tu veux pendant l'absence de Grand Frere ?我可告訴你  鳳姐這次可要做皇妃了
Distoi bien, Phœnix va devenir princesse.皇妃?
Princesse.是呀
Oui.這次我們兄弟們要做大官  就全靠她了
Et on ira tous a la Cite imperiale et on sera riche.你可別亂來!
Lache l'affaire !這位朋友這麼多話
Mon ami,請你到外邊好好談一談
pouvonsnous parler dehors ?好! 等我兩個朋友!
D'abord, j'amene mes deux amis.你那兩個朋友現在正在外面談著呢
Vos amis sont deja dehors.臭小子  你給我等著!
Pauvre mec, attends un peu.在哪?
Ou ?在這!
Ici !救命呀!
a l'aide !我真的不認識他們
Je ne les connais pas.你是不是搞錯了?
Vous vous trompez de personne.打!
Frappezle !原來她是想做皇妃
Elle veut devenir princesse ?你不是說不騙我嗎  怎麼又要騙我?
T'avais dit que tu ne me mentirais plus ?我又沒騙你
Je n'ai pas menti.那你敢不敢把手放進爐裏?
Alors, mets ta main sur le feu.如果你對哥哥真情真意的話
Si ton cœur est pur,你的手就不會燙傷的
tu seras indemne.你敢嗎?
Tu peux le faire ?我敢!
Oui !伸呀
Faisle alors.不要哭  不要哭了
Ne pleure pas !真心爐  如果我是真的喜歡高公子
Feu Sacre de Meilong,請你給我一個指示
dismoi si j'aime vraiment M. Ko.是不是在找燙傷藥?
Besoin de pommade ?痛啊?
Ça fait mal ?試了那個爐  你有什麼樣啟示?
Alors, qu'estce que le feu t'a dit ?我現在好混亂
Je suis confuse.我想著你的時候  就燒傷我這左手
Quand je pensais a toi, j'ai eu mal a cette main.那我想著王相公時  又燒傷了我的右手
J'ai eu mal a l'autre main en pensant a l'empereur.這是當然的
evidemment.你心七上八下  哪裏來的真心呀?
Comment peuxtu sentir ton cœur en etant confuse ?如果你是真心的話
Si tes sentiments sont forts et veritables,根本就不用試那個爐了
alors tu n'as pas besoin de ce test.如果你去試那個爐
Si tu as besoin de te tester,就代表你根本不夠真心嘛
ça veut dire que ton amour n'est pas absolu.那我應該怎麼辦?
Que doisje faire ?全心全意  至真至誠
Preparetoi a donner tout ton cœur.記不記得我跟你說過什麼?
Tu te souviens de ce que j'ai dit avant ?我心中有你  你心中有我
Toi et moi, l'un et l'autre dans nos cœurs ;天地之大小於塵埃
l'univers n'est pas plus grand qu'un grain de poussiere.我們兩個內心世界裏
Entre nous deux,再也容納不下其他的任何事物了
il n'y a de place pour rien d'autre.親愛的
Ma chere,讓我帶你共創我們愛的世界
je vais te conduire vers notre monde d'amour.你不做皇妃了?
Tu ne veux plus etre princesse ?不要了
Non.我要找一個像我哥一樣的男人  四海為家
J'irai avec un homme qui aime mon frere en tant que vagabond.我不要去做宮中的金絲雀
Je ne veux pas etre enfermee dans un palais.好一個籠中鳥  金絲雀
C'est comme un oiseau dans une cage.朕要找的也是一個能夠
En tant qu'empereur, j'ai besoin與我四海為家的女人
de quelqu'un qui peut vagabonder avec moi.你又在演戲呀?
Plus de comedie !這件事我一定要跟我哥講
Je dois mettre mon frere au courant sur nous.這是什麼?
C'est quoi ?不知道  剛地上撿的
Aucune idee. J'ai trouve ça par terre.要不要來一口?
Tu veux essayer ?說真的
Vraiment,你有沒有一個跟你長得差不多的親戚?
tu as un frere comme toi ?你不是說我是天下無雙嗎?
Je croyais etre unique ?我說差不多的
Je veux dire, un peu semblable.我哥呀  跟你妹挺合適的
Mon grand frere, il ira bien avec ta sœur.為什麼?
Pourquoi ?他也特喜歡幫人擦背
Il aime frotter le dos aux gens.想不到堂堂一個天子也有這種嗜好
L'empereur fait ce genre de chose ?想不到吧?
Incroyable, hein ?你見了他就知道了
Attends de le rencontrer.吃飯啦
Mangeons.是不是地震?
Un seisme ?殺氣!
L'odeur du sang !我覺得有一陣陣殺氣逼近我們
Une force horrible approche.還想什麼?
a quoi pensestu d'autre ?你妹妹會明白的
Ta sœur comprendra.幹嘛?
Quoi ?糟啦  我感覺到殺氣了
Je sens quelque chose d'horrible qui approche.哥!
Frere !哥  他們兩個在裏面會有事嗎?
Frere, tu penses que ça va aller pour eux ?當然沒事
Bien sûr.打死不離親骨肉  好像我們這樣
Ils sont frere et sœur apres tout, comme nous.沒事的
Ils iront bien.真的嗎?
Tu es sûr ?真的
Certain.你身為一國之君  言而無信
Vous, le dirigeant d'un pays, n'avez pas tenu une promesse.對你母后的安排  陽奉陰違
Vous m'avez desobei,教唆皇妹做一些違經逆典的行為
sollicite votre sœur royale sur le mauvais chemin,加上私訪江南  置天下子民不顧
neglige votre devoir pour aller a Jiangnan.這種不忠  不孝  不仁  不義的行為
etant si deloyal et infidele,怎麼對得起列祖列宗?
comment pouvezvous faire face a vos ancetres,怎麼面對百姓?
et a votre pays...你現在還想跟這個不三不四
Et vous osez souhaiter閒花野草的女子私訂終身?
vous marier avec cette paysanne !母后  她...
Reine Mere, elle...還說!
La ferme !你敢?
Vous osez ?我要娶她!
Je l'epouserai !原來他才是皇上
Alors il est l'empereur ?哥  你說我可以和他在一起嗎?
Tu penses que je pourrai l'epouser ?當然行! 你不記得爹說過?
Sans aucun doute ! Tu te souviens de ce que pere disait ?說你的相長得好  大富大貴命
Tu es destinee a te marier avec quelqu'un de riche,不嫁給有錢人  也會嫁達官貴人
ou une personne noble.哥  其實我並不想當皇妃
Frere, je ne veux pas vraiment etre princesse.我只要能跟他在一起就可以了
Je veux juste etre avec lui.你們兩個跟我進去吧
Vous deux, suivezmoi.今晚  我感受到一份真摯的愛情
Ce soir, j'ai ete temoin d'un amour veritable令我皇兒勇往直前
qui a emporte mon fils.他終於長大成人
Il a grandi.因此我  准許你入宮
J'accorde votre mariage.我早說你行的!
Je te l'avais dit !下來! 下來!
Cherie, calmetoi !至於你  我查過
Quant a vous,你的品德很差!
votre dossier n'est pas elogieux.太后! 無憑無據你可別聽人亂說!
Votre Altesse ! Ne croyez pas les rumeurs !你自小無心向學
Vous etiez paresseux a l'ecole,十四歲就聯群結黨出來做小混混
avez rejoint un gang de rues a 14 ans...在村子裏稱王稱霸
etes devenu le tyran du village.兩年前  你離開梅龍鎮
Il y a 2 ans, vous avez quitte Meilong說是闖蕩江湖  其實無所事事
pour vagabonder dans le monde, a ne rien faire.你脾氣暴躁  態度惡劣
Vous etes irritable et grossier.粗心大意  目不識丁
Vous etes negligent et ignorant.所以你將來肯定是一事無成
Vous devez vraiment etre un bon a rien.所以  以你這樣的人品
Par consequent...我不能將公主嫁給你
je ne peux vous accorder la main de la princesse.母后  他以前不好
Reine Mere, il n'est peutetre pas le meilleur.不代表以後也不好
Mais les gens peuvent s'ameliorer.以後的事你不知道  我也不知道
On ne peut predire l'avenir,倒不如讓老天來決定
je laisse au destin en decider.這一雙是先王留下來的天下無雙
Voici les Anneaux uniques du Destin,緣定今生的龍鳳配指環
laisses par le dernier empereur.真的有啊!
Ils existent vraiment !這對指環是先王留給我
Le dernier empereur me les a laisses,用來替你挑選駙馬的
pour vous aider a choisir votre mari.如果他是你注定的丈夫
S'il est votre destine,戴上後就不會掉下來
l'Anneau tiendra parfaitement et ne tombera pas,代表你們永不分離
c'est le signe que vous ne vous separerez jamais.你敢不敢試?
Voulezvous passer le test ?敢!
Oui !好!
Bien !如果它掉下來
Si l'Anneau tombe,你答應我  以後永遠都不能見他!
vous promettrez de ne plus jamais le voir !戴上它吧
Portele.這輩子我們都不會分開了
On ne se separera plus jamais.看到了  他不是你緣定的夫君
Vous voyez. Il n'est pas votre destine !他根本就配不起你!
Cet homme sans valeur ne vous merite pas.你是敷不上牆的爛泥
Vous etes sans valeur.你根本配不上!
Vous ne la meritez pas !哥!
Frere !我不能照顧你一輩子
Je ne peux plus vivre avec toi.以後你要靠自己了
Tu vas devoir prendre soin de toi dorenavant.我一向是以四海為家
Comme je dois partir et continuer ma vie ambulante.我知道你今天很開心  我感應得到
Je suis heureux pour toi, je sais que tu l'es.哥哥沒事了  你不信?
Croismoi, je vais bien.別走啊!
Ne pars pas !攔住長公主!
Arretez la princesse !別走啊!
Ne pars pas !哥!
Frere !為什麼這樣對我哥哥?
Pourquoi vous lui faites ça ?上次是咱們倆一起走的
La derniere fois, il n'y avait que nous deux,這次有了皇嫂這個生力軍
maintenant que tu es la...我們兵分三路  太后一定沒轍
a trois, nous sommes invincibles.我們到梅龍鎮再會合
On se revoit a Meilong.你幹嘛要去梅龍鎮?
Pourquoi Meilong ?這樣你才可以在那認識嫂子
Pour que tu puisses la connaître...嫂子也才可以在那等你認識她
Et elle t'attendrait labas pour la connaître.咱們在後花園集合出發
Emballons et partons.別抓我回去  行不行?
Vous ne me laissez pas partir ?這次我們要變一下  咱們清一色娘子軍
Nouvelle tactique. Juste les femmes cette fois.我跟你走!
On part ensemble !我幹嘛要走?
Pourquoi je pars avec toi ?你不是跟長公主說你掛念我嗎?
Tu as dit a la princesse que je te manquais.所以我就來救你
Je suis la pour te sauver.你是誰呀?
Mais qui estu ?我是你哥呀!
Je suis ton frere !妹妹! 你沒事吧?
Sœur, tu vas bien ?來人! 拿藥來!
Apportez des medicaments !你們是不是抓我抓上癮啦?
Vous adorez m'attraper ou quoi ?好! 這次我跟你走!
Bon, cette fois je pars avec toi.你瘋了! 要我跟你出走?
Vous etes dingue, vous voulez que je m'en aille avec vous ?根據野史記載  那年冬天
Comme disent les rumeurs, quand l'hiver arriva,無雙長公主每日都在城樓徘徊
la princesse Wushuang s'etait totalement egaree en ellememe.有時自言自語  有時歡喜若狂
Elle s'est coupee du monde.她不斷對人說  會有一個人來接她
Elle disait aux gens que quelqu'un l'attendait.當時群醫束手無策
Les medicaments n'ont rien donne.有人說她是因為憂國憂民
Certains disent que le fardeau du pays所以舉止失常
l'a englouti.也有人說  她其實是感情受創
D'autres disent qu'elle a ete frappee相思成狂
par l'amour.皇太后
Votre Majeste,我們是代表哲別王子送聘禮來的
notre prince souhaite proposer le mariage.母后
Reine Mere,我哥跟長公主是真誠相愛
mon frere et la princesse sont vraiment amoureux.龍鳳配指環之事只不過是一個借口罷了
Les Anneaux n'etaient qu'une excuse, n'estce pas ?母后  你何苦要拆散他們呢?
Reine Mere, pourquoi les avoir separes ?住口!
Assez !我寧願她嫁出去  做一個瘋皇妃
Je prefere avoir une princesse folle,也不要留一個傻公主在我身邊
que d'avoir un idiot a mes côtes.我能跟你喝酒當然高興!
Je suis content qu'on boive ensemble de nouveau !那你這樣說就不對了
Tu ne devrais pas dire ça.老是在攪和
Ne dis rien d'autre話又說回來呀  王相公
tant qu'on est dans le sujet...其實  真是你不對呀
En fait, c'etait ta faute.上次你一聲不響就走了
Partir sans laisser un mot.不是想著你
Ce n'est pas que tu me manques.不過多個人喝酒  好玩而已
Mais c'est bien d'avoir de la compagnie.你上次不辭而別  真是不太夠意思
C'est juste, c'etait trop de partir comme ça.不是吧?
Quoi, tu rigoles !不是吧? 你掉進茅房裏?
T'es tombee des toilettes ?乾杯!
Sante !我已經和我丈夫分開了
J'ai rompu avec mon mari.是不是搬回來住?
Tu reviens pour de bon ?不是  我是路過這兒
Non, je suis de passage.我打算去我姨媽家
Je vais au village de ma tante.這裏有些銀子
Prends l'argent.你拿去路上用吧
Tu en auras besoin pour le voyage.你是不是又認識了一個女孩?
Tu as rencontre quelqu'un ?這條手鏈本來就要送給你的
Prends le bracelet aussi, je voulais te le donner.拿去吧
Prendsle.是我爹說你配不起我
C'etait mon pere qui avait dit que tu ne me meritais pas.我沒有說過你配不起我
Je ne l'ai jamais dit.今天你才給我這鏈子
Pourquoi me donnestu ce bracelet aujourd'hui,為什麼以前不給?
et pas dans le passe ?龍哥!
Mon frere.紫霞!
Zi Xia !紫霞說得對
Zi Xia avait raison.你每次都是怕人家嫌棄你
Chaque fois, tu romps parce que tu as peur d'etre abandonne.你就放棄這段感情
Tu as abandonne ton amour avec Zi Xia,好像你和長公主的事一樣
tout comme tu l'as fait avec la princesse.你這三八! 一回來就嘮嘮叨叨
a peine revenu, tu me harceles...我和長公主的事關你屁事?
Ce qu'il y a entre moi et la princesse, ce ne sont pas tes affaires.你的事當然不關我的事
Je me fiche de tes affaires.但長公主的事就關我的事!
Mais les affaires de la princesse sont mes affaires !她八歲那年曾經救過一隻下凡受傷的玉兔
a 8 ans, elle a sauve un Lapin Divin de la mort.這隻玉兔在她悉心照顧之下回復健康
Par ses soins, le Lapin Divin s'est retabli.這隻玉兔為了報答她
Depuis,就暗中處處保護她
le Lapin a veille au bienetre de la princesse.讓她事事化險為夷
Il s'est occupe d'elle.那你說長公主的事不關我的事?
Et tu me dis de m'occuper de mes affaires ?扯什麼蛋?
Foutaise !假掰也好  真掰也好
Croisle ou non,剛才紫霞還沒點醒你?
fais bien attention.你是要娶長公主  又不是娶她老媽
Tu veux epouser la princesse. Qui s'interesse a la Reine Mere ?長公主也沒說你配不上她
La princesse atelle dit que tu ne la meritais pas ?我知道你在想什麼
Je sais ce que tu penses :你想就算長公主不嫌棄你
Meme si la princesse s'en fiche,你戴不上那只戒指
l'Anneau ne t'est pas alle,也不能算真命天子是嗎?
alors tu n'es pas son vrai amour !想戴上這個戒指你就要記住
Si tu veux que l'Anneau t'aille, rappelletoi :天高地大  知心只有一個
Pour ton seul et unique amour,愛一個人就要把自己豁出去
tu dois t'oublier.全心全意達到無我境界
Sans t'inquieter pour toimeme, rien ne peut t'arreter.長公主過兩天出嫁
La princesse se marie dans 2 jours.給一個機會自己吧
Donnetoi une chance.龍哥
Mon frere. 什麼事? 龍哥   幹嘛?
Que se passetil ?我不在這兩年
Pendant mon absence de ces deux annees,情比金堅這小子是誰收的?
d'ou vient ce denomme Amour Amour ?他不是你找的兄弟嗎?
Ce n'est pas un de tes amis ?他比你早一天來過這兒  他說是你兄弟
Il s'est montre un jour avant ton retour,
et il a dit qu'il etait un ami.他究竟是什麼人呢?
Mais qui estil ?情比金堅這個人到底是誰呢?
Qui est Amour Amour ?有人說他是市井流氓
Certains disent que c'est un clodo.也有人說他是江湖術士
D'autres que c'est un magicien.更有一種說法  說他是手牽紅線
On dit aussi que...掌管天下姻緣的月老僊子
Amour Amour est la deesse qui reunit les amoureux.這麼多年來  每次有什麼挫折
jusquela, j'avais evacue我都會安慰自己
toutes mes fatigues en un souffle.一個深呼吸就算了
Mais la methode du souffle但是這次  我知道是不行的
n'a pas marche cette fois.因為我已經試了好多次
Meme en essayant durement.我一直相信  人與人之間是有心靈感應
Avant, je pouvais deceler les sentiments de ma sœur.以前是跟我妹  現在是跟另外一個人
Maintenant, c'est quelqu'un d'autre.我感受到她很需要我
Elle crie pour moi de l'interieur.所以我決定離開
J'ai quitte Meilong.大膽李一龍!
Li Yilong !竟敢冒犯無雙長公主?
Tu oses offenser la princesse Wushuang ?我不是來冒犯長公主的
Je ne veux pas l'offenser.我只是想跟她講幾句話
Je veux juste lui dire quelques mots.前晚我碰到一個十幾年前的舊朋友
Il y a deux nuits, j'ai rencontre une vieille amie,她點醒了我
elle m'a eclaire.我不應該因為其他人對我的看法
Je ne dois pas me preoccuper des opinions des autres,而去傷害一個我心愛的人
et blesser ma bienaimee.我應該學你皇兄那樣
Je dois apprendre de ton frere,就算熊熊烈火都不會退縮
etre brave et relever les defis.今天  我要送這條鏈子給我的妻子
Aujourd'hui je veux offrir ce bracelet a ma femme.希望她會原諒我
J'espere qu'elle me pardonnera,我們永遠都不分開
et qu'on sera ensemble pour toujours.李一龍  長公主已經走了
Li Yilong, la princesse est deja partie.是皇上叫我放了她的
L'empereur m'a demande de la liberer.剛才我一直猶豫不敢這麼做
J'ai eu du mal a la laisser.因為我怕太后知道會砍我的頭
J'ai eu peur que Son Altesse me coupe la tete.但是我看她一直哭
Mais la princesse pleurait tout le temps,越哭越像你的樣子
elle te ressemble de plus en plus.我實在不忍心就把她放了
Je n'en pouvais plus et je l'ai laisse partir.以後你要好好的對她
Desormais, prends bien soin d'elle.很多時候  愛一個人愛得太深
Souvent, quand on aime trop,人會醉
ça devient un poison.而恨的太久  心也容易碎
Si on deteste trop, le cœur se brise facilement.世間最痛苦的事莫過於等待
Mais l'experience la plus penible dans la vie, c'est attendre.我不知道她等了我多久
Je ne savais pas combien de temps elle attendrait.我一直以為我不會有機會再見到她
J'ai cru ne jamais la revoir.突然間  我不知道怎麼開口
Soudainement, je ne savais plus parler.不知道怎麼講那句話
Je ne savais comment...告訴她  我真的很愛她
lui dire que je l'aimais vraiment.你沒看見我在跟王相公說話嗎?
Tu ne vois pas que je discute avec elle ?滾開!
Degage !你放鬆點吧  你記住
Detendstoi. Rappelletoi que你只不過是俗世中的一粒微塵
tu n'es qu'un grain de poussiere.天地這麼大  一個深呼吸
Une profonde respiration...就什麼煩惱都沒了
te debarrassera de tous tes chagrins.我是不會放棄的
Je n'abandonnerai pas.因為你在我心目中
Parce que profond dans mon cœur,永遠都是天下無雙
tu seras toujours le seul.我從來都沒想過
Je ne croyais pas當我再見到她的時候
en la voyant a nouveau,她已經變成另外一個人
qu'elle serait devenue une autre personne.她一直重複我的話
Elle ne faisait que repeter mes mots...她以為她自己是我
Elle croyait etre moi.原來愛一個人愛得太深
C'est vrai qu'en aimant trop profondement,真的就醉了
ça devient un poison.說著說著  我變成另外一個人
Comme ça l'est, je suis aussi devenu quelqu'un d'autre.一個女人
Une femme.你記不記得
Tu te rappelles,你曾經在這裏交了枝桃花給我?
tu m'as donne une branche de fleur de pecher ici ?你說春暖花開
Tu as dit qu'au printemps桃花還要面向陽光
qu'il fallait avoir la branche face au soleil ?沒錯  我還說過
Oui. J'ai aussi dit如果你是一個女人
si tu etais une femme,我一定會娶你為妻
je t'epouserais.我老實告訴你
Pour te dire la verite,我是一個女人!
je suis une femme !我們有過肌膚之親  桃花為盟
On a partage un lit et on a un temoin...你一定要娶我為妻!
Tu dois me prendre pour femme !我是答應過你
Oui, j'ai promis...不過我配不上你
Mais je ne te merite pas.因為我戴不上
Parce que...這對天下無雙  緣定今生龍鳳配指環
l'Anneau unique du Destin est tombe de mon doigt.傻瓜!
Idiot !戴龍鳳指環最要緊是達到無我境界
Pour que l'Anneau t'aille, tu dois t'oublier.只要你記住
Pense a moi我永遠都是你的天下無雙就行了
comme ta seule destinee.試試吧!
Essaye !戴上它  我們一輩子都不分開
Portele et on ne se separera plus jamais !是不是? 我早就說可以了!
Tu vois ? Je t'avais dit que ça marcherait !原來塵世間有很多煩惱是很容易解決的
Tant de soucis sont faciles a resoudre.有些事只要你肯反過來看
Quand on veut voir certaines choses differemment.你會有另外一番光景
Quand on veut voir certaines choses differemment.我終於明白 「鏡花水月」是什麼意思
J'ai enfin compris la signification de "mirage".其實情之所至
Quand ça en vient a l'amour veritable,應該你中有我  我中有你
chaque personne se fond dans l'autre.誰是男  誰是女
Peu importe qui est l'homme又有什麼關係呢?
et qui est la femme.兩個人在一起開心不就行了
Tant qu'on est heureux ensemble, tout va bien.今天她是小霸王
Aujourd'hui elle est Tyran le Kid,可能明天又輪到我了
peutetre que demain ça sera mon tour.桃花開了! 桃花開了!
Les fleurs de pecher sont en train de fleurir !皇妹說得對  春暖花開
La princesse avait raison. Le temps est venu aux fleurs d'eclore.我想她一定找到自己喜歡的人了
Elle doit avoir trouve son vrai amour !笑就笑吧  別裝蒜了
Riez, ne faites pas la muette.來啦  乖
Allez !是不是很溫馨?
N'estce pas merveilleux ?