女子監獄 第二季 第七集這里面不用放濾嘴嗎
Yo, shouldn't we be putting filters in these?濾嘴  我們在哪兒  鄉村俱樂部嗎
Filters? Where we at, the country club?我們怎么不派發
Ooh, why don't we give 'em out煙斗和皮草  就像庫伊拉那樣
with cigarette holders and fur coats like Cruella?{\an8}電影《101只斑點狗》中的壞女人還有霍莉·戈萊特麗  她戴小皇冠
And Holly Golightly. She had a tiara.{\an8}電影《蒂凡尼的早餐》中的曼哈頓交際花如果要放濾嘴  就得把香煙卷大些
Put filters in, you got to roll the cigarettes bigger to match.那樣會減少利潤
Eats into our margins.你說每支煙換一本食品券
You talkin' 'bout chargin' a book of stamps per,你到手的利潤已經挺豐厚了
you got pretty good margins already.一支煙幾乎九美元  胡說八道
 That's like nine bucks a smoke.  Oh, shit.看來沃森
Looks like Watson知道什么叫供求關系了
is gettin' introduced to our good friends supply and demand.停手  警衛來了
Cheese it. Fuzz.水槽里有塊生肉  你能清理下嗎
Would you clean a sink with a piece of raw meat?你怕有細菌就不肯清理
No, you wouldn't, because of germs.骯臟的海綿就像塊臭肉
A filthy sponge is like a rectangle of smelly meat.研究表明
Studies show浴室水槽里的細菌比廁所還多
that bathroom sinks have more germs in it than a toilet.你得消毒  消毒
 You gotta disinfect!  Disinfect.你知道哪里的細菌比廁所還多嗎
You know what else has more germs than a toilet?你的嘴巴
Your mouth.還有自動取款機的鍵盤和女人的包底
And also ATM keypads and the bottom of ladies' handbags.我讀到的
I read that.我們在監獄里每天都能學到新東西呀
You know, we learn something new every day here in prison.好吧  聽好了  姑娘們
All right. Listen up, ladies.如果讓顧客選普通郵票和永久郵票
Now, if a customer's got regular stamps and forever stamps,{\an8}無論郵費怎么漲  該郵票永遠可以用她都會選永久郵票
she always take the forever stamps.所以你就要囤貨
You hold on to those,等郵局漲價的時候
and when the post office jacks up the prices,你就賺到了
you've made money.你是說是你賺的錢  你可是要拿九成
You mean you made money. You taking like 90%, ain't you?一把郵票弄出去  你的手下就能拿去變錢了
Sendin' those stamps outside, your boys turn 'em into bank.我可是承擔風險的那個人
I'm the one assuming the risk.那我還冒著被關禁閉
Uh, what about my risk of sitting in seg關到瘋掉的危險呢
till I start talkin' to my hand?你想要零風險  那就走
You want 0%, walk away.姑娘們  這不僅僅是一樁生意
This is about more than just a business, ladies.這是為你們自己爭取權益
This is about making something of yourselves.你給了她們想要的
You give those women something they want,她們就會因此尊重你
they will respect you for it.我干完了
Yeah. I'm done.很好  交給美味
That's very good. Give 'em to Taystee.可它們都是我做的
But they're mine.我們談過  蘇珊娜  還記得嗎
We had this talk, Suzanne. Remember?我們每個人都有技能
We each have skills.但你沒有推銷的技能
Salesmanship, not one of yours.得讓別人樂意才會買
Gotta make people feel more comfortable.維  我們要把這些貨放哪里
Yo, Vee, where we supposed to keep all of these?我可不想關禁閉
'Cause a sister is not tryin' to go to SHU.你有什么隱身斗篷之類的嗎
You got some kind of invisibility cloak or somethin'?你說對了
You could say that.是我要求太高了嗎
Am I asking too much here?我有強加給你們什么辦不到的事嗎
Am I putting something on you people that you physically can't do,像是跳探戈之類的
like dance the tango or something?沒有  我是要你們稱職點
No. I'm asking for competence.首先  讓囚犯待在監獄里
For starters, keeping the prisoners in prison.在我看來相當簡單
Seems pretty simple to me.別穿著沾了水果蛋糕的卡其褲
Not having a fruitcake in khakis在大家面前走來走去
wander around in public,要五個警衛押她出去
five officers hustling her out,塞進車里  該死的就像小丑表演
putting her in a car like some kind of fucking clown show.我在說你呢  本尼特
I'm talkin' to you, Bennett.是你把我一人丟在這兒的  胡說
 You left me here alone.  That is false.我當時也在這里
Yeah, I was here.對  你拿著《鱸魚大師》雜志到處晃
Yeah, you were patrolling a copy of Bassmaster Magazine.我只是要很恭敬地說一句
I'm just saying, respectfully,也許情人節并不是
that maybe Valentine's wasn't the best day帶著一堆人去酒吧看你表演的最佳時機
to take a bunch of people to see your gig at a bar.又不是之前沒人出去過
It's not like people haven't gotten out before.送她去重刑監獄  刑期再多加幾年
Take her to Max, stick a few years on her sentence.這女人都坐了一輩子牢了
The woman's 100 years old.還要給她加刑
We're gonna give her more time?貝爾  我要你對那個囚犯實施全方位盯人
Bell, I want you all over that inmate like a fly on shit.你跟著她  找出她逃走的路線
You follow her. You find out how she's running.我們就好好問問她怎么樣
How about we just ask her?我已經問過了
I already did.她告訴我她是從27街拿到手推車的
She told me she took the trolley from 27th Street.等我們把這個漏洞堵上
I will deal with this officially我會正式處理這件事
when we get the hole plugged up.你要我整天盯著菲利斯·狄勒
You want me 'round the clock babysittin' Phyllis Diller?如果你覺得浪費了你的才能和學識就告訴我
Let me know if that is a waste of your talents and education.第二  記過配額指標
Second, shot quota.我們得把這里好好整頓一番
We are gonna straighten things up around here.我要你們每人每周至少記過五筆
I want each of you writing five shots a week minimum.讓這些姑娘們老實點
Keep these ladies on point.你要記過六筆  這不公平
 And for you, it's six.  That's not fair.我要你對她們狠點  我會盯著你完成的
I asked you to toughen up your game. I'll see you gettin' there.這要煩死人了  卡普托
Gonna be such a bitch, Caputo.光是文書工作就很煩
The paperwork alone.去跟你媽說  也許她會給你寫個便條
Tell it to your mom. Maybe she'll write you a fuckin' note.滾出去
Get out.犯人  你點名遲到了
Inmate. You're late for count.還有45秒  你來不及走到那里
 I got 45 seconds still.  Not enough time to get there.這算什么  《少數派報告》
What is this, The Minority Report?抱歉  我要給你記上一筆
Sorry. I'm gonna write you a shot.什么你  白人妞辛迪也遲到了啊
What you... White Cindy ain't gonna make it, either.我看的不是白人妞辛迪
I ain't looking at White Cindy.這絕對是種族歧視了吧
This is some racism right here!不是  不過如果你不閉嘴就會算了
It's not. But it's about to be if you don't shut up.這他媽的算什么意思
What the hell that even mean?趴在地上  犯人
Get down on the ground, inmate.你他媽在跟我開玩笑
Fucking kidding me?我剛才說什么了
What'd I just say?好吧  動作快點  公民們
All right, let's move it, people.把你的鞋子脫了
And take your shoes off.我都不知道我為什么還要廢話
I don't even know why I even got to say it.抱歉  我請你把汽水扔掉
Oh! Excuse me. I'm gonna need you to throw out that soda.我還在喝呢
I'm still drinking it.你還在喝
You still drinkin' it?恐怖分子也是這么說的
That's what the terrorists say.你是恐怖分子嗎
You a terrorist?扔掉
Throw it out!拜托  快點  走  你  快點
Come on, people. Let's move it. Let's go. You, come on.好了  小心點  女士
 Oh, yeah!  Watch it, lady.讓路
Move out the way!機場緊急救援
Airport emergency.到手
Got it!棒呆
Oh, yeah!中頭獎了  寶貝
Ooh. Jackpot, baby. Ah. Mmm.姑娘  我差不多都有11個了
Oh, girl. I got, like, 11 of those.那個應該是防水的
That one's supposed to be waterproof.我跟你說  姑娘
Let me tell you, girl,你往它上面撒點狂暴果汁  會大事不妙
you get some Crunk Juice on that shit, not good.{\an8}紅牛加軒尼詩混合飲料看起來我們有麻煩了
Looks like we got a problem here.我沒問題的
I'm clean.嚴格來說  是的
Technically, yes.可是我不能讓你肌肉緊繃上飛機
But I can't let you on the plane with these guns.轉身
Turn around.能接到你的消息我很驚訝
I was surprised to get your note.老實說  萊瑞并不太合作
To be honest, Larry wasn't all that cooperative.萊瑞最近心情不太好
Well, Larry's in a weird place these days,可以說是我的錯
which is mostly my fault.但我不能細說
But I can't get into that.跟我無關  我只是很高興他們讓我進來
It's none of my business. I'm just glad they let me in.有時候  低效率也挺好的
Sometimes, inefficiency works for you.事情是這樣的
Here's the thing.我奶奶病得很重  我應該獲得休假的
My grandmother is very sick, and I'm supposed to get furlough,可是看起來好像沒戲
but it doesn't seem to be happening.我不知道跟我有什么關系
I'm not sure where I come in.就是監獄制度不合理的典型案例
Just one example of how the prison system isn't working.警衛瀆職  濫用單獨禁閉
Guard misconduct, overuse of solitary confinement.外面的人應該知道里面是怎么回事
People on the outside should know what it's like.帕波  監獄對待犯人本來就不公平
Piper, prison treats inmates unfairly.如果周末不能放假回家探親
If not getting a weekend off to visit the family是最糟糕的事
is the worst thing...我根本沒說
I didn't even remotely say...犯人挨餓  被強暴
Inmates are starving. They're getting raped.并非沒人報道
And it's not like no one's covering this.只是沒人在乎罷了
It's just that no one cares.聽著  我有過夜不能寐
Listen, do I lie awake幻想憑一己之力
fantasizing about personally taking down an institution靠幾句鏗鏘有力的話
that is the single greatest stain就推翻自奴隸制之后
on the American collective conscience美國集體良知的最大污點嗎
since slavery with the awesome power of my words?當然
Sure.可是在白天  我接受現實  這不可能的
But in the daytime, I've accepted that's not gonna happen.我能做的  也許就是
What I can do, maybe,查明利奇菲爾德消失的兩百萬去了哪里
is find $2 million that's gone off the books here at Litchfield.你想要我做什么
What do you want me to do?如果錢被挪用了  肯定是用到了某處
If money's being appropriated, it has to be going somewhere.我猜錢都支付到一個
I'm guessing that there's some kind of shell corporation空殼公司去了
it's being paid into.電網的確有點問題
There is something going on with the electrical grid.這里都歸菲格羅亞管
Well, Figueroa's the official on the ground here,也就是說要么她被愚弄了
which means that she's either being duped要么她就是黑手
or she's in on the profits.我要知道誰跟她訂了協議
And I need to know who she's making contracts with誰干活  誰供貨
for labor, supplies,她給誰開支票
who she's writing checks to.好吧  好的  我會去他們為了
Okay, cool. I'll just look that up方便我們調查我們感興趣的事
in the handy inmate Internet they give us for而提供的囚犯網絡上查查的
when we get curious about stuff.他們去年花了20萬美元
They appropriated $200,000 last year翻修了一個并不存在的健身房
to renovate a gym that doesn't exist.我很想幫你  我會幫你的
Look, I would love to help you. I really would.但是除了闖進菲格的辦公室
But short of breaking into Fig's office檢查她的文件
and going through her files,我不知道我該干什么
I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do.我已經被關過兩次禁閉了
I have been thrown in SHU twice already,我很愛我奶奶  她可能就要死了
and I love my grandmother, and she could die.我不會為了當個小間諜
I'm not gonna fuck things up for myself{\an8}美國喜劇電影冒大風險給自己惹麻煩
by playing highstakes Harriet the Spy.好吧  如果你改變主意了就告訴我
Okay. Let me know if you change your mind.對你奶奶的情況表示遺憾
I'm sorry about your grandmother.你確定你就要做通常的發型
You sure you just want the usual?所以才叫"通常"嘛
That's why it's called "the usual".現在廚房都歸你管
I mean, you're running the kitchen now.你可以展示一下氣場
You got room for a statement.什么  我該把頭發染成紫紅色嗎
What, should I dye my hair fuchsia?是赤褐色  可惜不適合你
It's auburn. But not for you.我覺得一個勁爆的莫西干頭
I think a nice fauxhawk will give that就能告訴別人"別惹我"
"Don't fuck with me" vibe, you know?我主要靠臉來震懾別人
I mostly use my face for that.喂  發膠
Hey, Aqua Net,紅媽讓跟你說她開始種紫羅蘭了
Red said to tell you she's got violets growing.我難道應該在意這件事嗎  為什么
And I should give a shit about this, why?她說你會想知道的
She said you'd wanna know.她想種什么就種什么  我不
She can grow whatever she wants. I don't give a...紫羅蘭
Violets.你是對的  我會去看看的
Oh. You're right. I'll come check that out.這里每天都讓我越來越困惑
Every day in this place, I get more confused.你帶券了嗎
Did you bring the stamps?你為什么不先說說
Why don't you first tell me是什么會讓我超級興奮
what I'm supposed to be so haironfire excited about?聽著  多謝你的關心
Man, look, I appreciate your concern,不過我衛生巾夠用
but I'm actually well covered on the menstruation front.就來一支
Just take one.萬福瑪麗亞  你充滿圣寵
Hail Mary, full of grace.他媽的我要怎么點燃這個
Yeah, how the hell am I supposed to light this?要鉆木取火嗎
What, I gotta rub two sticks together or something?好好看著  利奇菲爾德牌打火機
Behold the Litchfield lighter.我勒個去
Get the fuck out.這可以算是我人生中排第三的好日子了
Man, it's like the thirdbest day of my entire life.往下水道里噴
Man, blow into the drain!然后評論家改了主意
What happened was the critic changed his mind因為燉老鼠很美味
because the rat made stew, and it was delicious.我明白
I understand that,不過光靠燉老鼠可開不了餐館
but that doesn't mean the rat can open a restaurant.衛生法典還是要遵守的
The health code is still the health code.你好像心死了
It's like you're dead inside.我聽說有什么紫羅蘭
Um, I heard something about violets?關門
Close the door.你們居然會輸掉冷戰真是不可思議
It is a mystery to me how you people ever lost the Cold War.等等
But wait.用這個給我染發
This covers this.你有被一個六英尺高的變性黑女人吻過嗎
You ever been kissed by a 6foot, black, transgender woman?不用了  謝謝  不過我的小賣部需要幫忙
I'm good, thanks. But my commissary could use some love.不是以貨換服務嗎
Whatever happened to goods for services?我手頭的現金有點吃緊
I'm running a little dry in the cash department.你的貨流渠道很穩定吧
You got a steady channel, I assume?你想要什么就有什么
Whatever you want.如果要求合理
Within reason.我會回來的
I'll be back.你在開玩笑吧
You cannot be serious.弗洛雷斯
Flores!弗洛雷斯
Flores!那堆拉美人連像樣的米飯和豆子都做不好
Bunch of Latinas can't make decent rice and beans.到底是哪里出了問題
What's wrong with this picture?我是吃中餐長大的
I grew up eating Chinese.那時候我繼父叫陳東  他有好多頭皮屑
My stepdad from then was named Chen Dong. He had so much dandruff.就是那個黑胡椒
It's that black pepper.盒裝的爛貨  嘗起來就像我外婆的骨灰
The shit that comes in boxes, it tastes like my abuela's ashes.有次我叔叔烤了只被他碾死的穿山甲
One time my uncle cooked an armadillo he hit with his car.味道還不錯
It tastes okay不過得放點辣椒醬才行
but you gotta put Cholula on it.現在有點忙  抱歉  我該不該
 Kind of busy right now.  Sorry. Should I...圣誕老人
Santa?圣誕老人個鬼
Fuck Santa.本尼特比圣誕老人帥氣
Bennett's better looking哪怕你不守規矩他也會給你禮物
and he shows up even if you've been naughty.你那是什么
What'd you get?這些玩意越來越小巧玲瓏了
Oh, these things just keep getting smaller.其實都是我的
That's actually mine.你可以借幾天  但我要拿回來的
You can borrow it for a few days, but I'm gonna need it back.都是艦隊狐貍的歌
Ugh. It's full of Fleet Foxes and shit.我的手機呢  白人妞  現實點
 What about my phone?  Blanca, be real.聽著  這是我最后一次這么做了
Look, this is the last time that I can do this.好吧  我不要手機  我要色情雜志
Okay, fuck the phone but I want porn.老兄  弗洛雷斯真他媽是個天才
Oh, man. Flores is a fucking genius!好吧  不過要高檔點的
Okay, but good porn.不要日本人那種變態的瞎扯淡
None of that weird Japanese bullshit.我要只有男人的雜志
And I want a magazine with just guys in it.怎么了  很性感啊
What? It's hot.還有  我又不想看女人
And plus, I don't wanna be exploiting women and shit.一點性欲都沒有
It sucks out all the sexy.我不會買同性戀色情雜志的
I'm not buying gay porn.你是恐同人士嗎
Are you homophobic or something?各位  夠了
Suficiente, everyone!外面都是餓肚子的人  快點
We got hungry people out there. Vamos!我大概會餓死
I may starve to death.不用說  我是素食主義者
I'm a vegetarian, obviously.我表示尊重  但是  此時此地
You know, and I respect that, but under the present circumstances,我相當肯定  即使是
I'm pretty sure that even...保羅·麥卡特尼也會對金槍魚砂鍋投降的
even Paul McCartney would be all up in a tuna casserole.{\an8}甲殼蟲樂隊樂手  素食主義者看那個沙拉  就是冰凍豌豆和卷心萵苣
Look. That salad bar, it's just frozen peas and iceberg lettuce.我要堅果  我要蔬菜
I need nuts. I need legumes.查普曼  怎么
 Hey, Chapman?  Mmmhmm?你覺得我和岡薩雷斯
You think that me and Gonzales能幫你一起弄監獄簡報嗎
could help you out with that newsletter thing?是的  再好不過了  好吧
 Yeah, sure. That would be great.  Okay.雖然可能有點奇怪
This might be weird,但是你知道廚房的供貨商嗎
but do you know anything about the kitchen vendors?比如雜貨是哪個公司送的
Like which company delivers the groceries?開卡車的人嗎
Some guys in a truck.蘇蘇  不要
 Soso?  No.豬比狗要聰明
Pigs are smarter than dogs.你吃蛋嗎
Do you eat eggs?那要看它是怎么被飼養的
Depends on how they were raised.不吃唄
So, no.你想拿我開玩笑就開
Okay, make fun of me if you want,但是這個國家的農產品行業
but the agrobusiness complex in this country真是完全瘋了
is completely insane.賤人  看看你周圍
Bitch, look around you.我們在監獄里
We in the prisonbusiness complex.如果奶牛能讓我離開這里
A cow breaks me out of here,那我就不再吃肉
I'll stop eating meat that day.是真的嗎
Is it true?非洲的天主教牧師允許結婚
That the Catholic priests in Africa are allowed to get married就因為對他們而言守貞太難
because chastity's just too hard for them?我覺得對每個人而言都很難
I think it's hard for anyone.對  但要是非洲男人
Yeah, but African men?那又是另當別論了
That's a whole other story.我相信你的話  失陪了
I'll take your word for it. Excuse me.姊妹  玉米面包  哦
 Sister, the cornbread.  Oh.就是我有低血糖  你記得嗎
It's that darn bloodsugar thing. You remember.我得給你記上一筆
I'm gonna have to write you a shot.你要給修女記過
You'd give a shot to a nun?不要恨我
Don't hate me.我還從來沒有被記過過
I've never gotten a shot before.好日子到頭了  真的
It's the end of days. I'm telling you.行了
Okay.需要幫忙嗎  哦
 Can I help with this?  Oh.謝謝  羅伯塔
Thank you, Roberta.不客氣
You're welcome.昨晚我看見我丈夫了
I saw my husband last night.聽起來真不錯
Well, that sounds lovely.他現在玩貝斯了
He plays the bass now.別忘了擦這些鞋子
Don't forget to shine those shoes.我說過會給你理床  但不包括這些鞋子
Now, I said I'd clean your bunk. The shoes are not included.我雖不是科學家什么的
I ain't saying I'm no scientist or nothing,但鞋子也在這個床鋪里  對嗎
but the shoes in the bunk, correct?光是待在這兒我可能就會被記過
Look, I'm gonna get a shot for even being in here.如果我要再次面對紀律仲裁委員會
If I have to go in front of the disciplinary board one more time...因果報應  你們白人是自食其果
You know, karmawise, your people had this coming.行了  這就是我能拿到的
Okay, yo. Here's what I got.等等  我明確說過要草莓的
Oh, hold up. I specifically said strawberry.我們沒草莓的了
Well, we're out of strawberry right now.那是我能拿到最好的了
That's the best I could do, all right?我知道的是
All I know is...我手里有高級貨
I'm holding some premium shit here.賤人  我不抽煙好嗎
Bitch, I don't even smoke, okay?我要用它收買阿蕾達  讓她借我熱水管
I need it to bribe Aleida to let me borrow her stinger我好用熱蠟除掉我的胡子
so I can wax my mustache.幸虧你遇到我心情不錯
Guess you caught me in a soft mood.生日快樂  親愛的
Happy birthday, baby.跟你姐姐說謝謝  謝謝
 Say "thank you" to your sister.  Thank you!有一陣子沒見你了
It's been a while since we saw you.你知道  工作真的很忙
You know, things been real busy at work,不過我不會錯過小個子的生日  絕不會
but I wouldn't go missing Shorty's birthday, no way!我靠
Oh, shit!莫妮卡  對不起
 Monica!  Sorry.過來
Bring it here.然后
Then... Unh.什么  什么
 What?  What?對一個九歲孩子而言有點過了
A little much for a 9yearold.你要是想說有點招搖  那你就說對了
Yeah, if you mean a little much swagger, you got that right!我希望你能陪我過每個生日
I wish you were here for all my birthdays.去年媽媽給我買了衣服
Last year, Mom got me clothes.那是你需要的  寶貝
It's what you needed, baby.我們去吃冰激凌怎么樣  就我們倆
Hey, how about we go for some ice cream, you and me?好的  過幾小時就吃晚飯了
 Yes!  Dinner is in a few hours.今天是個特殊的日子
It's a special occasion.你想要什么口味  泡泡糖的
 What flavor you want?  Bubble gum!我們仨一起去怎么樣
How 'bout we all go together?你擔心什么
What you so nervous about?你以為呢  我昨天才認識你嗎
What you think, I met you yesterday?我會看著她的  我保證
Look, I'm gonna look out for her. I promise.她保證  媽媽
She promised, Mom.去吧  但是要把iPad留這里
Go ahead. But leave that iPad here.我不想你把它弄丟了或者被偷了
I don't want you losin' it or gettin' it stolen.我們快走吧
Let's blow this joint!辛迪  我知道
 Cindy.  I know.查普曼  我就是想
Hey, Chapman, I was just wondering你的簡報委員會還缺不缺人
if maybe you got any room on your newsletter committee,也許我也可以加入嗎
that maybe I could join up?我想想  目前就我和兩個西班牙姑娘
Let me see. So far, it's me and two Spanish girls,其中一個有點把我嚇到了  所以  行
one of whom scares me a little bit, so, yeah.我想我可以把你排進來
Yeah, I think I can squeeze you in.真的太棒了
Oh, that's really good.你有什么特別想寫的嗎
Is there anything in particular that you wanna write about?我還沒想那么遠
Uh, I didn't really get that far.我只是覺得讓自己忙起來會比較好
I just thought it'd be good to keep busy, you know?寫寫愛情小說怎么樣
Well, what about romance?像是長篇連載什么的
Like a serial type of thing?狄更斯跟丹尼爾·斯蒂爾混合體
Dickens meets Danielle Steel.我不想去碰愛情類的東西
I'm trying to stay away from the romancetype stuff,就是這一陣子  哦
 just for a little while.  Oh.沒事  只是  也許可以寫寫其他的
Oh, yeah. No, it's fine. It's just, maybe something else.很操蛋  對吧
It's fucked up, isn't it?我們被困在這里
How we're stuck in here可是外面的世界不斷在變化
and the world outside just keeps turning?是啊
Yeah.寫個美容專欄怎么樣
What about a beauty column?你總是那么漂亮
You always look so nice.你知道  雖然你在監獄里
Well, you know, just 'cause you're in prison但并不意味著你就能不管不顧了
don't mean you got to let it go.我敢肯定你有些很好的美容心得
I bet that you have some great tips.好吧  好吧  我可以寫  我可以寫
Okay. Okay. I can do it. I can do that.謝謝你  查普曼
Thank you, Chapman.你有煙嗎  什么
 Hey, you got a fag?  A what?煙  吸煙  煙頭  抽煙
A fag. You know, a drag. A butt. A burn.你是說香煙  你跑錯地方了
Look, you talking about cigarettes, you're at the wrong house.拜托
Come on, I'm not the one又不是我開了黑人煙館
who started a NegroLeague Tobacco Shack, all right?那是你的好朋友  維
That would be your pal Vee.我只是想弄點好貨
I merely seek to avail myself of a fine product.她不是我朋友
She ain't my pal.她朋友跟你朋友在一起
She's pals with your pals.對  她就是利用你們給她賣命
Right, or she's using them to do her dirt她只要數錢就行了
while she counts the cash.她不會被發現跟違禁品有任何關系
You ain't gonna find her hands on no contraband.你看著吧  如果有人因為運貨被抓
You watch, somebody goes down for carrying,她會在獄警面前裝傻陪笑
she'll be shuffling and smiling in front of the COs like,"上帝  這些姑娘干什么壞事了"
"Oh, Lord, what have these girls got up to?"媽的
Fuck.你知道高中生女同性戀的遭遇嗎
Hey, you know that thing that happens to lesbians in high school?我們和喜歡的直女
How we strike up a really intense bestfriendship建立起親密的閨蜜關系的
with a straight girl who's really into it.我們會勸自己能做朋友就很好  對嗎
And we convince ourselves that friends is good, right?直到她有了男朋友
Until she gets a boyfriend.我們討厭那個缺德鬼
We hate that poor asshole討厭到天怒人怨
with the whitehot heat of a thousand suns,還說些"他配不上你"之類的話
a "He's not worthy of you," or whatever,盡管他可能是個相當不錯的人
when he's probably a decentenough person, i mean, as guys go.因為我們
Because what's really happening其實是愛上了我們的朋友
is that we're in love with our friend.為什么大家都覺得我愛上了她  我沒有
Yo, why does everybody think I'm in love with her? 'Cause I'm not.當然  當然  你要這么想就這么想吧
Sure. Sure. Let's go with that.不過如果你的確是喜歡她
But in the event that you were having the feels for her?你討厭她的男朋友
Yeah, it turns out that by hating her boyfriend,其實只會把她從你身邊推開
you're just gonna drive her away.你得接受這件事并讓他喜歡你
I mean, you gotta suck it up and make him like you.打打牌  把《教父》看十遍什么的
Take up poker. Watch The Godfather 10 times or whatever.各位  警報解除  我們找到了
All clear, everybody. We found it.不管怎樣  這是你的人生
Anyway, it's your life.你想怎么揮霍都行
I mean, spend it how you want, all right?你的袋子呢  圣誕老人
Ay, where's your sack, Santa?我做不到
Couldn't do it.好吧  我再也不會這么做了
Okay, I'm not doing this anymore.我看你是忘了敲詐是怎么回事了  老大
I think you forgot how blackmail works, papi.我看你是忘了監獄是怎么回事了
I think you forgot how prison works.這太過分了  好嗎
This shit has gone too far, okay?你知道還有誰很過分嗎  你跟達婭娜
You know who else went too far? You with Dayanara.好吧  這個怎么樣
Fine. How about this?你們都被記過了
You're all getting shots.我什么都沒干  混蛋
Yo, I didn't do nothing, asshole.好吧  那你真可憐
Well, that sucks for you.你他媽是在跟我開玩笑吧
You gotta be fucking kidding me, right?我發誓我沒在開玩笑
I promise you I'm not kidding.本尼特
Hey, Bennett,如果卡普托發現你強奸了囚犯會怎么樣
what's gonna happen when Caputo finds out you raped an inmate?他不會發現的  你確定
 He's not gonna find out.  You sure about that?對  我很確定
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.因為你馬上要被關禁閉了  拉莫斯
'Cause you're going to the SHU, Ramos.為什么  我要再想想
 For what?  I'll figure it out later.你不會那么對我的  你覺得我不會
 You ain't gonna do that to me.  You think I'm not?走  動作快點
Let's go. Move it!媽的
Shit!你要跟她一起關禁閉
You wanna join her?再見
Bye.沒想到這雜種還有這膽子
I didn't think that fucker had it in him.我聽說你想見我
I heard you wanted to see me?查普曼  對的  請進
Uh, Chapman. Right. Come in.卡普托先生  你有沒有
Mr. Caputo, have you, um,聽到關于我休假申請的事
heard anything about my furlough request?那不歸我管  抱歉
It's not my department. Sorry.不過我在考慮你的簡報的事
But I've been thinking about this newsletter.很棒
Awesome.我想這會是一個很好的渠道
I've been thinking it could be a good way讓我們管理層
for us, the administration,能夠跟你們囚犯進行溝通
to communicate with the inmates.來解釋我們的立場
Explain our side of things.你的立場是什么
Your side of what?例如  現在實行的記過配額指標
For instance, this shotquota thing we got going.你們覺得我們刻薄
You ladies think we're being mean.但我們只是做了本職工作
But we're just doing our job, you know?事情變得失控  對大家都沒好處
Things get out of hand, it's bad for everybody.法西斯主義也是這么說的
That's kind of what fascists say.我媽媽那邊可能跟墨索里尼沾親
I may be related to Mussolini on my mother's side.開個玩笑
It's a joke.也許你可以在簡報里寫點警衛的事
Maybe you could put something in the newsletter about the guards.說明我們大家都是人
Show everybody we're human.警衛  和我們一樣
"Guards, they're just like us."這就有點過了
I wouldn't go that far.這個怎么樣  "警衛
How about, "Guards...他們也是人"
they're people, too"?那么
So, uh...告訴我
tell me...你業余時間喜歡干什么
what do you like to do in your spare time?你好
Hi.你是怎么回事啊  好多事呢
 What is the matter with you?  So much.你性致高昂地出現在我家
You show up at my house like fucking Squiggy with a hardon.你下次決定向丈夫最近才買了阿留申群島狩獵矛
Maybe next time you decide to make some deranged declaration而且乳導管堵塞的感情白癡
of love to an emotional zombie with a blocked milk duct發表瘋狂的愛的宣言的時候
and a husband who recently purchased an Aleutian hunting spear,能先給我打個電話嗎
you could consider calling first?好吧  聽著  波麗  我有點失控了
Okay, look, Polly, I'm spiraling out, okay? I am.你知道有時候人設想生活應該是怎么樣的
You know, you have this idea of what your life is supposed to...不  我辦不到  拉瑞
No, I can't do this, Larry!好吧
Okay.我認真的  這太傻逼了
I'm serious. It's just stupid.我知道
I know.沒錯
I mean, yes,我們跟皮特和帕波約會前就是朋友
we were friends before we even started dating Pete and Piper.我臨產的時候  是你把我送到醫院
And yes, you drove me to the hospital when I was in labor辦理了所有的書面材料  還細心照看我
and handled all the paperwork and the nurses.當我丈夫消失不見
And yes, you were the only one there for me去執行為期一個月的自我探索任務時
when my husband checked out of fatherhood你是唯一在我身邊幫我的人
so he could go on a monthlong mission of selfexploration,你很風趣  又恰到好處的一本正經
and you're funny, but also boring in all the right ways, and...我到底在說什么  操我吧
What the hell am I saying? Just fuck me.我不知道這意味著什么  閉嘴
 I don't know what this means.  Shut up.好吧  聽著  聽著
Okay, listen, listen.我好幾個月沒有性生活了
I haven't had sex in months,所以我比較有可能
so there's a betterthanaverage chance that I could...閉嘴  拉瑞
Just shut the fuck up, Larry.你有說過什么乳導管堵塞嗎
Did you say something about a blocked milk duct?玩右邊那個就好
Just stay to the right.就像寄信一樣
It's like sending a letter.有個窗口  你輸入問題答案就出來了
There's a box, you type in a question, and the answer comes up.是誰在另一端查答案
Who's on the other end looking it up?沒人  都在電線里
Nobody. It's in the wires.里面有世界上所有的信息
It's all the information in the world.你說世界上所有的信息都藏在電線里
You're telling me all the information in the world is in wires?但是人們還是很愚蠢  對嗎
But people are still stupid, right?紅媽  我需要些火柴
Hey, Red. I could really use some matches.火柴
Matches.對  很好
 Yeah.  Good.我剛還在想我們死在
I was just thinking our chances of dying瘋子縱火犯的燃燒彈下的幾率還不夠高呢
in some nutjob arsonist's fire bomb weren't high enough already.我不會讓其他任何人接觸到它們的
I wouldn't let anyone else touch 'em.拜托  我只是想抽支煙
Come on. I'm just trying to get my smoke on.你有什么可抽呢
And what exactly are you smoking?黑人有香煙
The black girls got cigs.你需要打手
You need muscle,塔斯利茲曾用斧頭砍死過人
Taslitz killed a guy with an ax.那時候她還沒得關節炎
That was before the arthritis.大波  雖然我很想幫你
Boo, much as I'd like to help you讓你下半輩子都關禁閉  可是我沒空
spend the rest of your life in solitary, I'm busy.你待會兒過來
Come back later我會考慮給你點曲奇什么的
and I'll see about getting you some cookies or something.真是的
Oh, man.記一過  犯人
That's a shot, inmate.為什么
For what?損壞公共財物
Damaging government property.胡說八道  你心里清楚得很
That is horse shit, and you know it.你還想記一筆罵臟話嗎
You want one for obscenity, too?我覺得羅娜可以擔任副主編
So, I'm thinking that Lorna can be assistant editor,幫我們想想寫點什么話題
help us come up with ideas of things to write about還有誰來寫
and people to write them.所以你讓兩個白人妞來負責
So you got two white girls in charge?該死的
Ah, shit.我覺得應該讓有能力的人擔任  就這些
I just think it should be based on who earned it, is all.我高中負責過年鑒  所以
I did yearbook in high school, so...年鑒根本不是正式刊物
Yearbook isn't even a real class.就是拍點照片  抽點大麻  大家都懂
You just take photographs and smoke weed. Everybody knows that.不管怎樣  我已經寫了一個專欄
Anyway, I already wrote a column.我看看  喂
 Let me see.  Hey.這是我畫的
Look, I drew this.是關于監獄里的情況
It's about being in jail with,用動物園里的動物作比
like, animals at the zoo.為什么海象的心情這么差
Why is the walrus in such a bad mood?那是海利先生
Oh. That's, um, Mr. Healy.精彩絕倫
This is fantastic.你已經寫錯了  誰說的
 You already made your first mistake.  Says who?如果你能"少在乎一點"
If you "could care less,"{\an8}在口語里是couldn't care less的訛用說明你還是在乎的
that means you still care.懂嗎
You know what I'm saying?你當然可以少在乎一點
'Cause, like, it is possible for you to care less.不對不對  我是說無論你有多在乎
No. No. I'm saying is however much you care,我都不在乎
I could care less than you.這句話不是這個意思
That's not what it means.你應該說"我一點也不在乎"  懂嗎
It should be, "I couldn't care less." See?因為你的結論還是在乎的
Because you hit bottom with caring.查普曼  跟她說說
Yo, Chapman, tell her.嚴格來說  是的
I mean, technically, yes.但我覺得就像"照字面意思"這個詞一樣
But I think this is one of those things like "literally",{\an8}口語中常表示真的  確實最后總是越口語化的用法越被人接受
where the colloquial usage of the word eventually wins out.語言是不斷發展的
Languages evolve.你為什么要那樣
Why you gotta be like that?關鍵是每個人都知道我要說什么
Look, the point is everybody knows what I'm trying to say.你為什么非要犯渾呢
Why you gotta be a dick about it?那叫語法  蠢貨
It's called grammar, tonta.我很高興我總算找到你了  羅伯塔
I'm so glad I found you, Roberta.你還好嗎  不好  我被人跟蹤了
 Are you okay?  No. I'm being followed.是該死的愛爾蘭人  我不能回大房間去
It's the damn Irish. I can't go back to the pen.不準肢體接觸  卡瓦諾
No touching, Cavanaugh.太悲哀了
Oh, that is so sad.你打算寫什么
What are you gonna write about?我在考慮  建議專欄
I was thinking, like, an advice column.大家寫下自己的問題
People write about their problems,然后我會讓她們振作起來
and then I tell them to get their shit together.有一堆棒球類的呢  我最喜歡了
Mmm. Got a bunch of the baseball ones. My favorite.有我在  你可以高枕無憂了
You know I got you covered.辛迪  怎么
 Cindy.  Yo.有什么要給我的嗎
Got something for me?事實是  沒有
Oh. So, here's the thing. No.也許你愿意來解釋一下
Maybe you'd care to explain.不是每個人都有券
Not everyone had stamps.她們不知道你會找她們要券
They didn't know you was gonna be looking for 'em.但不代表就不該給她們煙抽
Doesn't mean they shouldn't get a smoke.其實  就是那個意思
Well, actually, that's exactly what it means.這就叫生意
It's called commerce.我讓她們按老辦法交易
I let 'em trade for it old school,就像印第安人那樣
like the red man.賤人  相信我  你該給維的必須給
Bitch, trust me, you do not wanna short Vee.她會化身金剛狼揍你
She will go Wolverine on your ass.好吧  聽著
All right, listen.后面的煙我會多賣幾塊錢
I'll sell the next ones for a couple bucks extra,好補差價
make up the difference.如果你整包賣不好  你就別賣了
If you can't be trusted with the package, you can't be selling.從現在起  你去做維護
From now on, you're on maintenance.那是什么意思
What that supposed to mean?就是你去干蘇珊娜干的活
You do what Suzanne's been doing.你給賣煙的人卷煙
You roll smokes for everyone to sell,打包  收尾
package them, sweep up behind.我不要干苦差事
I ain't doing no grunt work.等你還清了債
When you've paid off your debt,會給你機會賣煙的
you'll get another chance at sales.去他媽的
Fuck that.你頂替她
Take her place.如果你想干的話
If you wanted to.好的  我會考慮看看的
Yeah, I'll think about it.我不怕你
I ain't scared of you.說吧  莫妮  說吧
Say it, Moni! Say it, Mo...學校里怎么樣  還好
 Hey, so, how you doin' in school?  Okay.你喜歡其他孩子嗎  他們還行
 You like them other kids?  They're okay.有些人取笑我  說我是呆子
Some of them make fun of me. Say I'm a nerd.還說我沒有手機
And I don't got a cell phone.說我的名字照《老友記》里的控制狂取的
Say I must've got named after that tense girl on Friends.凈是些胡說八道
Man, that's some bullshit.你的名字是照著
You was named after《愛情與籃球》里的莫妮卡取的
Monica from Love & Basketball,是桑娜·萊瑟扮演的
played by Miss Sanaa Lathan,她才不是假正經  她跟丹澤爾搞上了呢
who, by the way, is so unuptight she hooked it up with Denzel.他都已經結婚了
And he married!媽媽說那是謠言
Ma says that's a rumor.不是謠言  而且媽媽很無聊
It ain't no rumor. And Ma is boring anyway.靠  那是我伙計馬丁嗎
Shit. Yo! Is that my boy Martin?我以為他還在監獄里呢
I thought his ass in jail.他上個月出獄的
He got out last month.看看這個
Watch this.沒門  我再打給你
No way. I'll hit you back.你在這里干嘛  老兄
What you doing here, dawg?我以為你在監獄里呢
I thought your ass was in jail.拜托  我沒那么蠢
Oh, please. I'm too slick for that shit.你好
Hi.我在匹茲堡找了一份政府工作
I got a government job out at Pittsburgh.你瘋了
This is crazy.你一定要上樓來跟福滋打個招呼
Hey, you gotta come upstairs and say hey to Fozzie.靠  福滋也在
Shit. Fozzie around, too?他看到你的話肯定會尿褲子的
He's gonna wet himself when he sees you.我要上樓十分鐘
Look, I'm gonna go upstairs for, like, 10 minutes.你就待在這里  好嗎
You stay right here, all right?等等
Hey, hey. Oh, hold up.最多二十分鐘  我保證
Twenty minutes, tops. I promise.愛你
Love you.孩子  來抱個  不  好好抱個
Yo! Son, give me some. No, bring that shit in.來吧  伙計
Come on, man!你最后拿那些電燈泡怎么辦了
Hey, so what'd you end up doing with all them light bulbs?你殺了我  啦啦啦
You slay me, dee, dee, dee.旺達
Hey, Wanda.我
I, um...我想說對不起
I wanted to say I'm sorry.有點太遲了
It's a little late for that.是我搞砸了  事情進展得太快
I screwed up. Things were just moving so fast that...我不小了  斯科特
I'm of an age, Scott.你別占著茅坑不拉屎
You gotta shit or get off the pot.再給我一次機會
Give me another chance.我會搬進來的
I'll move in.我會把榨汁機什么的都帶過來
I'll bring the Vitamix and everything.我想念你
I miss you.過來  親愛的
Come here, panda.我也想念你
I missed you, too.我研究了下女體解剖學
I've learned some things about the female anatomy我想你會喜歡的
I think you might enjoy.你對我朋友瑪麗薩做了什么
What the fuck did you do to my girl Maritza?她們敲詐我
They were blackmailing me.她什么都不會說的
She wasn't gonna say nothing.你覺得她會讓我孩子他爸坐牢
You think she's trying to get my baby daddy locked up讓他無法撫養孩子嗎
so he can't provide?我不能冒這樣的險
That's not a risk I can take.那是我監獄里的妹妹
That is my sister in here.我一點都不喜歡那個賤人  可她是我家人
I don't even like the bitch. But she's family.我應該怎么做  告訴我
What am I supposed to do? Tell me.難道要讓這里的每個西班牙姑娘
Am I supposed to let every Spanish girl around here都來欺負我
start pushing me around?上帝啊  我是獄警
 Oh, good God.  I'm a CO.你覺得要是他們看到
What do you think happens我給犯人帶小瓶裝的酒會發生什么事
when they see me giving an inmate airplane bottles of Jaeger?你不肯戴套的時候
Maybe you should've thought of it怎么不想到這一點
when you didn't wanna wear a condom. Huh?寶貝  我要出來了
"I'm gonna pull out, baby.戴套子很難高潮
It takes so long to come with a rubber."你明明知道  這不公平
That's not fair, and you know it.滾蛋  我罵臟話了
Fuck you. I just used obscenity.你要給我記過嗎
You gonna write me a shot?達婭  我  襲警  記我一筆呀
 Daya, I'm...  Assaulting an officer. Write me a shot.怎么  沒種的家伙  來呀
What, pussy? Come on. Huh?我不會給你記過的
I'm not writing you a shot.可是只要你想你就能記一筆  對嗎
But you could if you wanted to, right?因為你可以選擇  你有這個權力
Because you have a choice. You have the power.而我是個犯人
I'm an inmate.我一無所有
I have nothing.上帝啊  我討厭老年人
Jesus, I hate the elderly.女士們先生們  有請下一位州參議員
Ladies and gentlemen, your next state senator.你想要討論基礎設施
You wanna talk infrastructure或者洪水水位之類的  真遺憾
or flood levels or whatever, too bad.每次都是相同的問題
It's the same goddamn question every time.不  安迪·魯尼
No, Andy Rooney,我不會談你那操蛋的醫保制度
I am not gonna touch your fucking Medicare.你說該說的  老頭兒會投票的
Say what you got to say. The geezers vote.你覺得我的頭發看起來太閃了嗎
Do you think my hair looks too shiny?《都市郵報》報道說
Hey, so, City Post is reporting羅利的PAC得到了  叫什么來著
Rowley's PAC just got a major donation from,{\an8}political action committee 政治行動委員會高爾夫球場那家伙的大筆捐款
what'shisface, the golfcourse guy.他們估計有150萬美元
They put it at a million and a half.我靠
Oh, fuck.我敢打賭羅利肯定手舞足蹈得像只淫猴
I bet Rowley danced like a little monkeywhore for it, too,那個賤人
that dick stain.完了  我們死定了
That's it, then. We're fucked.你可以走了  加文
You can take off, Gavin.好的
Cool.今天的演講很棒  先生
Great speech today, sir.非常有感染力
It was very powerful.聽著  我們不會放棄的
Listen, we're not giving up.我們會想出解決的辦法  我們還有選擇
We'll figure this out. We've got options.我很有壓力  寶貝
I am stressed, babe.有個記者在死死追問利奇菲爾德的事
I have this reporter buzzing around Litchfield{\an8}《奧巴馬的戰爭》作者他就像該死的鮑勃·伍德沃德
like a Bob fucking Woodward.他什么都不會發現的  我保證
He's not gonna find anything. I promise.聽他意思就是  "當然  老兄
It's like, "Sure, buddy.我們還是操心下給女囚建豪華浴室的事吧
Let's worry about funding luxury bathrooms for these ladies,雙淋浴噴頭  各種各種
dualaction shower heads, the works.別去解決什么判決法的問題
Don't bother fixing the sentencing laws,讓每個人都得到公平審判
guaranteeing a fair trial for everyone和稱職的律師
and a competent lawyer."不  不  給她們浴球就行了"
"No, no. Let's give 'em loofahs."我知道  我知道
Yeah, I know. I know.人有時候真目光短淺
People can be so small.我們會贏的  我保證
We're gonna win. I promise.然后我們可以來解決真正重要的問題
And then we can get to work fixing what's really important.我們是好人  我們會拉到資金的
We're the good guys. We'll find the money.我們會在奧爾巴尼買棟房子
We'll get a house in Albany.也許終于有個孩子
Maybe finally have a kid.如果你想要孩子
If you wanna have a kid,你就得跟我上床
you might actually have to have sex with me.你知道  我
You know, I'm...我總是精疲力盡  這件事讓我心力交瘁
I'm exhausted all the time. This is so draining.我知道  我很抱歉  我只是
I know. I'm sorry. I just...我只是想感受到你想要我
I just wanna feel like you want me.我不僅想要你  寶貝
I more than want you, babe.我需要你
I need you.你好  哥們
G'day, mate!我開玩笑的  誰會那樣說呢
I'm just kidding. Who even says that?我得離家一會兒
I had to get out of the house for a bit.波麗今天很讓人厭煩
Polly has been a pill today.我整個下午都在看孩子
I watched the baby all afternoon.我跟她說出去兜兜風  隨便她做什么
I told her to go spin or whatever it is that she does.結果等她回來
And then when she gets back,她的情緒比之前更古怪
she's in an even weirder mood than before.女人啊  是不是
Bitches. Am I right?你怎么了  哥們
So what's up with you, mate?我不敢進去
I'm afraid to get in.這水真冷
The water is so cold.你總是能說服我
You always talk me into things.好吧
All right.見鬼去吧
The hell with it.我來啦
Here I come!從樹上下去
Get out the tree!我一般不碰樹的
I don't mess with trees, generally.你為什么要偷偷摸摸鬼鬼祟祟的
Why are you sneaking around all stealth and shit?你他媽又不是粉紅豹
You ain't the damn Pink Panther.你真有趣  總是開開玩笑  插科打諢
You're funny, aren't you? Always joking, always clownin'.這里還不能笑  那我們還能干嘛
We can't laugh in here, what else we got?說得不錯
That's a fair point.問題是如果你只會開玩笑
Problem is when jokes are all you've got.你就像故事里的蟋蟀
You're like the grasshopper in the story.活在當下  今朝有酒今朝醉的人
Living for today, having a fine time.沒有責任  沒有計劃  沒有抱負
No responsibilities, no plans, no ambition.及時行樂  對吧
Carpe diem, right?比你聰明的人早就說過了
Somebody even smarter than you said that.當年這句話或許還有些道理
Yeah, well, that probably worked back then那時的人四十歲前還可能出去
when folks were expected to check out before 40.如果你不努力創造未來
Thing is, if you're not building a future,那是因為你不相信未來的存在
that's because you don't believe there is a future.是你自暴自棄
You've given up on yourself.你就是個廢物
You're a loser.你瘋了嗎
Are you out of your mind?我一直等你到半夜  都不知道你在哪里
I'm up waiting till midnight for you, no idea where you are.一切都很好  我們只是晚回來了
Everything's cool. We got held up, is all.這孩子才九歲  她衣服上居然有大麻味
The girl is nine years old. Her clothes reek of pot smoke.她沒抽  我又不是神經病
She ain't smoke none. I ain't no psycho.讓你帶她出門是我的錯
This is my fault for letting you take her.你就是嫉妒她喜歡我比喜歡你多  承認吧
You just jealous 'cause she like me more than you. Admit it.別給你自己臉上貼金
Don't you flatter yourself.不管是誰
She would like anyone難得出現  還送她禮物
who showed up here every once in a blue moon她都會喜歡的  哪怕禮物來路不明
and gave her presents they didn't even come by honest.該死的她是我女兒  我想做什么就做什么
I can do whatever I want with my own damn daughter!你把她留在我這里的時候
You lost all right to call her your daughter就再也沒資格當她媽媽了
when you left her here with me!你覺得我沒資格  要不這樣
You think I lost my right? How about this?要不我們告訴她真相  看看她會選誰
Why don't we tell her the truth and see who she choose?你不許那么做
Don't you dare do that to her.她現在夠大了
She old enough now.你什么都不許跟她說
You ain't tellin' her nothin'你就會自己走掉把她扔下
and then walk out and leave her.你要告訴她  好啊  你去告訴她呀
You wanna tell her? Fine. You go on and tell her.不過你要告訴她就得帶她走
But then you got to take her.也許我會這么做的
Well, maybe I will.你能給這孩子提供什么樣的照顧
And what kind of care are you gonna provide for that child?你會每天去學校接她
You gonna pick her up every day from school,帶她去上鋼琴課嗎
take her to her piano class?你能給她編辮子嗎
You gonna braid her hair,她生病的時候你能通宵陪她嗎
sit up at nights when she's sick,她吐的時候你能跪下來給她清理干凈嗎
clean up her vomit down on your hands and knees?怎么  你覺得我辦不到
What, you don't think I can do that shit?那你帶她走呀
You take her, then.如果你覺得撫養她你能做得比我好
If you think you can do a better job of raising her than me,請便
be my guest.帶她走  走呀
Take her. Go!我怎么會知道呢
How should I know,她什么都不告訴我
she doesn't tell me anything.她整天畫些奇怪的畫
Spends all her time drawing her weird pictures.你有花
You have a plant.對  放溫室里
Yeah. For the greenhouse.這是我家灌木叢里開出的迷迭香
It's rosemary from my bush at home.是一個全新的品種
Grows into a whole new plant.不管怎樣
Anyway,很抱歉我昨天不得不采取嚴厲手段
sorry I had to crack the whip yesterday.沒關系  就是
No, it's... It was...這工作看起來也許很簡單  但并非如此
This job may look easy, but it isn't.我有抱負  有一天我會成為典獄長的
I got ambition, you know? I could be warden one day.記過配額指標能不能成功  誰知道呢
This whole shotquota thing, who knows if it works?管理層的人都喜歡有計劃
The people upstairs, they like plans.他們喜歡積極主動
They like initiative.你得向他們展示你很有手段
You got to show 'em you're operating.我明白
I understand.有些人一點抱負也沒有
Some people, they got no ambition at all.他們就想得過且過  吃吃喝喝
They just wanna skate by, drink beer,干得越少越好
do as little as possible.比如盧斯奇
Luschek, for instance.盧斯奇人很好
Luschek's nice.當然  如果你喜歡那樣的話
Sure. If you like that kind of thing.我喜歡跟他聊天
I like talking to him.跟懂你每天在做什么的人聊天
It's nice chatting with someone是很開心的
who gets what you do all day, you know?比如工作的事
Like, work stuff.好吧
Okay.我把這個拿出去
I'm gonna bring this outside.明天見
See you tomorrow.她還是你的女兒  阿蕾達
She's still your daughter, Aleida.記住你懷孕時的樣子
Remember how you were when you were pregnant.我懷孕的時候  我跟我媽談過
When I was pregnant, I talked to my mother.你確定要用這種字體
Yo, are you sure about this font?真的嗎
Yo, yo, really?本尼特不會提交瑪麗薩的材料的
Look, Bennett ain't gonna file the paperwork for Maritza.他只是想給她個教訓
He was just trying to teach her a lesson.她明天就會放出來的
She'll be out tomorrow.我根本沒提瑪麗薩的事
I didn't say anything about Maritza.可是你表現得很緊張
But you're acting like an uptight bitch.只是因為你畫漫畫
Well, just because you're doing a comic不代表你就要用漫畫體
doesn't mean you have to use Comic Sans.什么  小心眼
What... Hater.我從沒想到
I never would've thought速溶咖啡可以用來畫眼影
instant coffee could be used for eye shadow.是啊  寶貝  它味道不好
Oh, yeah, hon. I mean, it tastes like ass,所以不如用作化妝品
so it's actually better as a cosmetic.誰會想到卡普托養了只烏龜
Who would have thought that Caputo had a turtle?我還以為他喜歡養鳥呢
I mean, I had him pegged as a bird guy.女主編  干得怎么樣了
Madam Editor, how you doing?我們其實都是副主編
We're actually all assistant editors here.就像電視節目里
Oh, you mean like a TV show所有名字都會在最前面滾動播放嗎
with all those names rolling by up front?他們不可能都那么重要
They can't all be that important.我向你保證每個人都是不可或缺的
I assure you that everyone here is vital to the operation.好吧
Oh, okay.看看這個  海利先生
Check this out, Mr. Healy.這是什么
What's this?漫畫
Comics.很好的作品
Hey, good artwork.海利先生
Hey, Mr. Healy,不知道你有沒有聽說我準假申請的事
I was wondering if you've heard anything about my furlough.你知道官僚作風  我會打電話問問的
Hey, bureaucracy, you know? I'll call around and check.這是什么時候的事
Hey, when did this happen?就是讓他不要纏著我們
That's just to keep him off our backs, you know.自負
Ego.聰明  查普曼
Good thinking, Chapman.好吧  繼續干吧
All right, carry on.那只海象真滑稽
That walrus is hilarious.把我畫的給我
Give me my shit.拿那個的地方還有很多
There's more where that came from.我知道
I know.因為酸奶就是我做起來的
Because I invented the yogurt thing.有點創意行嗎  曼多薩
Have some originality, Mendoza, huh?好吧  我沒想到會是這樣的
Okay, I didn't ask for any of this.有等候名單  不過我會想辦法的
There's a waiting list, but I'll see what I can do.你想要什么  泥漿面膜
What do you want? A nice mud mask?還是口香糖
Or is it gum?由于某種原因突然間每個人都想要口香糖
Everyone suddenly seems to want gum for some reason.她們是要用包裝材料來做打火機
They're making lighters with the wrappers.我一點都不喜歡這樣
I don't like this one bit.拜托  她賣她的  你賣你的
Please. She sells her thing, you sell yours.井水不犯河水
It's no competition.所以你站在她那邊
So you're on her side?不不  我不要黑市上的東西
No, no, no, no. I don't want no blackmarket shit.我要香菜  你可以在花園種
I want cilantro. You can grow that in the garden.成交
Deal.再種點辣椒  別得寸進尺
 Some padron peppers?  Don't push it.不過好吧
But fine.那好
Fine then.我要遲到了
I'm late for somethin'.{\an8}《獄中號角》你總是把眼前的棋子都吃掉
You keep taking out all the targets in front of you,可是你得想三步  蘇珊娜
but you've got to think ahead, Suzanne.如果你走那里
If you move there,我會怎么走呢
what'll I do?這就叫放長線釣大魚
It's called the long game.好吧
Okay.好什么
Okay, what?那差事我干
I'll take my medicine.給她袋子
Give her the bag.這是什么
What's this?用過的衛生棉條
Used tampons.不是衛生棉條
Not the tampons.只是套管  垃圾桶里撿的
Just the tubey parts. From the trash can.你這是在整我吧
Now you just fuckin' with me.衛生棉條在小賣部賣五美元
Tampons cost $5 at the commissary.垃圾桶里用過的套管  免費
Used applicators out of the trash, they're free.你以為第一批貨是怎么來的
Where do you think the first batch came from?總有人得做
Somebody had to do it.真惡心
This is disgusting.的確如此
Yes, it is.這可好
Great.我口渴
I'm thirsty.喝我給你的水
Drink the water I gave you.我不要水  我要果汁
I don't want water. I want juice.你得等我們過了安檢再說
Well, you're gonna have to wait till we get through security.可我現在就口渴
But I'm thirsty now.你有孩子嗎
Do you have kids?沒有
Nope.謝謝  我們走  寶貝
Thanks. Let's go, baby.我不要去  我不要去  我不要去
I'm not going. I'm not going. I'm not going.羅伯塔  別讓他們帶走我  羅伯塔
Roberta! Don't let them take me! Roberta!羅伯塔  不要去  不要去
Roberta. Not going. Not going.告訴我他們帶走她是為了幫她
Please tell me that they're taking her to get help.他們帶她去公交站
They're taking her to the bus station.她覺得林登·約翰遜是現任總統
She thinks that Lyndon Johnson is President.{\an8}第36任美國總統她需要在專業機構接受全職護理
She needs fulltime care in a dedicated facility.放開我
Let go of me!他們不會給她付錢的
They're not gonna pay for that.她的家人呢
What about her family?她有個女兒在斯德哥爾摩
She has a daughter in Stockholm.可她們沒聯系
They don't speak.那她就無家可歸了
So she's out on the street?這叫"以人道理由獲釋"
It's called "compassionate release".羅伯塔
Roberta!羅伯塔
Roberta!Subindex build by Linnet
http://linnet.126.com  http://blog.csdn.net/redbirdli女子監獄 第二季 第六集我覺得愛是什么啊
What do I think love is?看見他就讓你覺得很緊張
It's like when someone makes your stomach feel all tight,卻又輕飄飄的  你懂吧
but floaty at the same time, you know?臉都笑抽筋了
And your cheeks hurt from smiling.一直笑得別人以為你有病
And you smile so much that people think something's wrong with you.愛云淡風輕
Love is light.是包容
Acceptance.是激情
Fire.痛苦
Pain.刻骨銘心的痛苦
Horrible pain.你卻忍不住一再親近
That you want again and again.還有做愛 And also, fucking.不間斷深入地  操得下不了地 Twentyfour seven, deepdick, can'twalkright fucking.我啊  一談到愛情根本停不下來 Well, you know me. I got so much to say about love.有一年啊  那個華爾街高富帥帶我坐直升機去了華盛頓 And one year, this Wall Street guy flew me in a helicopter to D.C.真的嗎 For serious?情人節男人干嘛都有可能  他們最愛這個節日了 Valentine's Day makes guys go crazy. They love it.男人最恨情人節了 Men hate Valentine's Day.至少看上去沒有啊 They don't act like they hate it.那是因為你長得美  跟索菲婭·沃加拉一樣 That's because you look like Sofia Vergara.《摩登家庭》女主角她的胸倒貨真價實 Them things is real.有次我看見她在翠貝卡區跑步 I once saw her jogging in Tribeca.伊恩好久沒來看我了  他要是明天來看我就好了 Ian hasn't visited in so long. It'd be nice if he showed up tomorrow.可他只有一輛小摩托  騎過來太冷了 But he's only got a Vespa and it's too cold to ride this far.有一次亞迪爾送了我花  從他親戚葬禮上順的 One year, Yadriel got me flowers. He stole them from his cousin's funeral.好甜蜜呀  拜托  It was so sweet.  Please.情人節就這樣  要是不扮成完美情人 Valentine's Day was invented to make people feel like shit就會死一樣 if they're not part of some perfect couple.沒錯 True.迪艾保說這世上沒有完美情人 Diablo says there are no perfect couples,但每一對都各有其美 but each couple is perfect in its own way.情人節還被關著  一定很難受吧 It must be hard. Being locked up on Valentine's Day.沒別的意思 That's all.謝謝  費歇爾  你真為我們著想 Aw. Thank you, Fischer. That was really empathetic of you.要來塊餅干嗎  好啊  謝謝  You want a cookie?  Oh, sure. Thank you.你要喝點水嗎  費歇爾  沒事  You need some water, Fischer?  No. I'm fine.就知道她沒口活過 I knew she didn't swallow.嗨 Hi.你明晚訂了哪里 Where'd you make reservations for tomorrow night?什么 Wait, what?我正假裝我們是一對情人啊 I'm trying to pretend like we're a normal couple.這樣啊 Oh.我在洛倫佐餐廳訂了兩個座位 Um, well, I got us a table for two at Lorenzo's.就在壁爐旁 The one by the fireplace.等不及給你看我的新裙子 I can't wait for you to see my dress.很性感卻不浪蕩 It's sexy, but not slutty, you know?迫不及待 I can't wait to see it.再給去我拿包面粉好嗎 Mamita, can you get me another bag of flour?給你 Here.這是啥  是清單  What's this?  It's a list.要哄你的岳母開心啊  知道嗎 Wanna keep the motherinlaw happy, right?我想著或許可以借用一下你的假肢 I figured I might as well make use of Sleepy Hollow免得再節外生枝 before the other shoe drops.明白嗎 Get it?由于無法避免的維修因素  淋浴要限制在30秒內這就是維給我們爭取來的  用這種破龍頭洗澡 So this is what Vee negotiated for us? Using these brokeass showers?這什么破談判啊  你說呢  Man, that's some brokeass negotiation.  You think?你們知道洗澡時間太長對人不好吧 You do know that long showers are bad for you.對表皮細胞什么不好 Mess with your keratinocytes and whatnots.蘇珊娜  你他媽給我閉嘴 Hey, Suzanne? Shut the fuck up.為什么要我離開圖書館 Yeah, why the hell would I leave the library?那是監獄里最好的工作了 It's the best job here.因為那兒錢少  付不了房租  吃不上紅酒牛肉 Because books do not pay the rent. Books do not bourguignon the beef.我們有大生意要做 We are starting something.我不想去保管處 I don't wanna join custodial.但我還是想要你去  不行  我不去  And yet I am still asking you.  No way. No.快點快點  給我閉嘴  Oh, come on. Come on!  Shut up!當年你跑過來跟我說 You know what? Do you know how easy it would've been"維  把我從教養院弄出去吧" for me to say no when you came to me and said,我完全可以不幫你  知道嗎 "Vee, get me out of this group home"?"我不想再見到那寄養父親的狗臉了" "Save me from this sick fuckfaced foster father I got!" Huh?這不公平  公平  醒醒吧  That's not fair.  Fair? Girl, please.哪有什么公平  你以為是排排坐吃果果 Fair's where you go get you some cotton candy.坐著旋轉木馬嗎 Where you ride the TiltAWhirl.我在找杰克 I'm looking for Jack.他不在這兒 He's not here.他每年都給我買巧克力 He buys me chocolates every year.我們有固定的收入 We're on a fixed income, of course.但他說今晚要喂鴨子 But he's gotta treat his Duckie right, he says.要是他找不到我  那就浪費了 And if he can't find me, they'll be wasted.操  我要是變這樣  就直接掐死我 Fuck. Kill me in my sleep if I ever get like that.聽著  你給我好好想想  然后照我說的做 Look. You're gonna think about it, right? And then you gonna do as I say.痛啊 Ah!就是很放松  懂嗎 It's just chilling, you know?跟人一起玩  開些很冷的玩笑啊 Kicking it with somebody, talking, making mad stupid jokes.一點都不想睡覺 And, like, not even wanting to go to sleep,這樣就會有那么段時間見不到對方 'cause then you might be without 'em for a minute.而你一刻都不想分開 And you don't want that.美國陸軍  霍恩菲爾茲駐地  多國戰備中心  德國  巴伐利亞一  二  三  開始 Ein, zwei, drei, go!就快... And...好了  誰下一個  誰下一個 And done! Who's next? Who's next?厲害 Whoo!你贏不了我的 You can't beat me.我不可超越 I am untouchable.可我覺得你很親近 I think you are very touchable.找間屋子好嗎 Get a room.說德語  白癡  再說一遍 German, fool. Talk it.是"旁建"  "旁間" Zing? Zinger?是"房間"  你好歹住在這里  尊重它的語言 Das Zimmer. You're part of a community. Respect its language.我爸才是這圈子的 My father's part of a community.我不過是他隨你們四處反恐時 I'm the unfortunate appendage he drags about攜帶的一個拖油瓶而已 wherever your fight against terror takes him.他在說傻話 He's just talkin' smack.那你這些年搬過多少次家 How many times have you had to move in your short little life?數不清了 Too many.但是我不會再搬了  我爸答應我了 But this is the end of the road. My pops promised.怎么用德語說 How do you say,"我真想看你們倆做女女之愛啊" "I'd like to watch as you two make sweet, sweet lady love," in German?沒門  混蛋  沒門 Nein, motherfucker. Nein.這活兒太操蛋了 This job is bullshit.哪有  這是道有獎勵的考驗題 No. 'Tis a rewarding puzzle.哪兒來的考驗  就是收拾電器 Ain't no puzzle. Makes electrical look good.真不敢相信我竟然聽了那老婊子的話 Can't believe I let that old bitch talk me into this.你還是別背后指摘帕克小姐的不是 I wouldn't speak ill of Miss Parker's methods.她耳里肯定聽不得這些話 She wouldn't tolerate such words.聽著  沃森有權利 Hey, now, Watson got the right表達她對新工作的不滿 to express her discomfort for her new job.就算你覺得打掃衛生沒什么問題 Just because cleaning quiets your discombobulation不代表別人就都一樣 doesn't mean it does so for everyone.說得好  掃把  說得好 Point well made, Moppet. Point well made.你真是蠢 You such a dumbass.沃森  你看著很累啊 Hey, Watson, you look a little tired.要不我晚些時候去給你按摩下股四頭肌 Maybe I could come by later and massage your quads?他媽給我滾遠點 Get the fuck out of here.不管你們這里要干什么勾當 You know, whatever y'all got going on in here.接手了保管處  我都要分一杯羹 You know, taking over custodial. I want a piece.我會睜只眼閉只眼  這樣什么都看不見 I use it to cover my eyes. That way, you know, I won't see anything.明晚  我會用我的手  讓你的情人節爽歪歪 Tomorrow night, I'm going to put the "V" in your Valentine.沒錯  盡情操我 That's right. Fuck me.沃倫  誰陪你過今年的情人節 Hey, Warren, who gonna be your Valentine this year?你不總是去勾搭誰嗎 You always battin' them freaky blacks at somebody.不不 Oh, no.今年我要愛一個值得我愛的人  真的 No, this year I'm loving someone who deserves me. Me.廢物 Loser.閉嘴 Shut up!無所謂了  要我說  這是一年中最難過的時刻 Whatever. Depressingass time of year, you ask me.媽的 Motherfucker!我操  你尿褲子了 Shit. You pissed your pants?我去給你找塊尿布 I'm gonna go find you a diaper.請注意  探訪時間開始 Your attention, please. Visiting hours are now open.所有犯人均可進入探訪室 All prisoners are free to go to the visiting room.明天是佛羅倫薩·亨德森的生日 Tomorrow's Florence Henderson's birthday!什么 What?情人節啊  是佛羅倫薩·亨德森的生日 Valentine's Day. Florence Henderson's birthday!我們每年都有裸體慶祝派對 We should be having our annual naked Bradython celebration我會伴著陽光天樂隊的歌跳脫衣舞 and I should be doing some kind of a striptease to Sunshine Day.也許...也許...再抹點油 And then maybe something... Maybe something with Wesson Oil, that...帕波 Piper.你好 Hi.你好 Hi.嗨 Hi.我聽說了你奶奶的事 I heard about your grandma.萊瑞 Larry...我想要我的家 I want my home.從這兒出去后 When I get out of here,我想回家 I wanna come home.這可不是小事啊 That's quite the statement.你確定嗎 You sure about that?我確定 Yeah, I'm sure.我不是在問你 Well, I'm not asking you.我是在問未來的帕波  那個重獲自由的帕波 I'm asking Future Piper. Free Piper.你能保證你依舊想回家嗎 Can you guarantee that you still will?未來的帕波希望能回家 Future Piper hopes so.可是現今的萊瑞不能靠希望活著 Present Larry can't live on hope.我可以靠吃芥末豆花生黃油餅干 Wasabi peas and peanut butter pretzels, apparently,但希望是不夠的 but not hope.拜托別在這兒提這些東西 Please don't mention those things除非你藏了什么東西要給我 unless you're hiding some up your butt for me.帕波 Piper,有個《都市郵報》的記者  安德魯·南斯 this reporter from CityPost, Andrew Nance.他... He, um...問我這里是否有資金異常的問題 He asked me about financial irregularities here.比如憑空出現的銷售商  從未建起的樓等 Uh... Vendors that don't exist, buildings that were never built.于是我就想  "去你媽的 And I was like, "Fuck that.為什么要他寫  我來寫" "Why should he write it? I'll write it."寫什么 Write what?一篇文章  靠你從內部挖掘信息 An article. With you investigating from the inside.新聞自由權并非只有自由人才有  是吧 Freedom of the press shouldn't only be a privilege of the free, right?你覺得怎么樣  天哪  What do you say?  Oh, my God.我的天  萊瑞  我的上帝 Oh, my God, Larry. Jesus Christ!怎么了  你又來了  What...  You're doing it again!你說什么啊 What are you talking about?我們要曝光這個地方  帕波 We'll fucking expose this place, Piper.你就是月亮  萊瑞  不要再做月亮了 You're the moon, Larry. You have got to stop being the moon!月亮怎么了 What's wrong with being the moon?它不能自己發光 It doesn't have its own light.是啊  怎么了  那你就是太陽了 So, right. So, what? That makes you the sun?你就是太陽了  是不是啊  帕波 Are you the sun, Piper? Huh?你是全太陽系的中心 You're the center of the solar system而我就是塊毫無生氣的石頭 and I'm just a dead hunk of crap rock!帕波  你的一切依舊到處都是 How am I supposed to become my own planet, Piper,我要怎么成為獨立的星球 when your shit is still everywhere?你倒是往前看了 You get to move on.你還操了艾麗克斯或是誰  我卻止步不前 You get to fuck Alex or whoever's next, and I'm stuck.我深陷在你的衣服鞋子里 I'm stuck with your sweaters and your shoes還有他媽什么絲芙蘭代銷店淘來的東西 and your goddamn Sephora fucking outlet store worth of products!你無處不在 You are everywhere.就像活在石棺里 It's like living inside a sarcophagus.要是我的東西太礙事了你可以送去波麗那兒 Well, take my stuff to Polly's if it's so in your way.還有你其實是想說"陵墓"而不是"石棺" And you mean "mausoleum," not "sarcophagus."不要再對我指手畫腳了 Don't tell me what I mean!至少人們還能在月亮上行走 At least people can walk on the moon.太陽呢  一靠近就只會燃成灰燼 Anyone gets near the sun, they burn right up.維說她年紀大了  我才不信呢 Vee says she's too old. Don't believe it for a second!那女的曾經怎么對我啊 What that woman did to me...江山易改本性難移 People don't change.你能不能快點啊 Hurry it up, will you?我盡力了媽  火星濺得我臉都疼 I'm trying, Ma. The sparks are burning my cheeks!那就把頭轉過去  你哥呢 Then turn your head! Where's your brother?他有幽閉恐懼癥  呆在林子里守著入口呢 He got claustrophobic. He's in the woods, guarding the entrance.媽媽  我好難過啊 I'm just so sad, mamochka.真遺憾她離你而去  瓦斯里 I'm sorry she left you, Vasily,但我相信你也是活該 but I'm sure you did something to deserve it.我以前會看她入睡 I used to watch her sleep祈禱我能強大起來  不再毀掉一切  媽媽 and pray for the strength to stop ruining everything, Ma.那有用嗎 And how did that work out for you?今天不做工  明天再來 No work today. Come back tomorrow.杰克說他會在這兒 Jack said he would be out here.我看他上了輛出租車 I saw him get into a taxi.出租車  就在外面嗎 A taxi? Out here?真不可思議 Imagine that.謝謝你  女士 Thank you, young lady.你能不能快點啊 Hurry it up, will you?媽媽 Mama!受夠了你惡心的抱怨 You and your disgusting whining!想要你的女人回來  就去追 If you want your woman back, go get her.趕緊把東西遞給我  快點 Now hand up the shit. Come on!等你出去時 When you get out of here...想過家里會有誰等著你嗎 who do you imagine yourself going home to?《犯罪》里的費歐娜·艾波 Fiona Apple in the Criminal video.問得太傻了 Stupid question.你呢 What about you?我一直以為是萊瑞 I always thought it would be Larry,如今看來得重新考慮了 but I think it's time to reimagine.這個愚蠢操蛋的節日 This stupid fucking holiday.你要是愿意  我能讓你忘記這一天 Listen, if you want, I can help you forget what day it is.甚至是你的名字 You know, or your name, for that matter.你也知道我的答案  不要 You know, no.我不想在你的做愛比賽里 I am not interested in being a prize,做一個價碼低得不可思議的戰利品 albeit a shockinglyundervalued one, in your little sex game.好吧 Fine.我失去了我愛操縱人  漂亮又變態的前任 I lost my manipulative, gorgeous, psychopath ex又失去了我貼心又有點不著邊的未婚夫 and my sweet, kind, unfocused fiance.我沒有家了 I don't have a home anymore.不  查普曼  你有 Yeah, Chapman, you do.這傻逼電線 This shit pile.真他媽甜蜜啊 Home sweet home.聽著  我不得不承認 Look, I gotta say,你那不著邊的未婚夫說的什么文章  還真有點道理 your unfocused fiance is on the right track with this article shit.我都不知道多少次修這個儀表板的短路了 I mean, this is like my 20th time trying to fix a short in this panel alone.根本沒人花錢管 Nobody's spending money here.加列戈說你找我 Hey. Gallego said you were looking for me?喬  這些通話  真是太有意思了 Joe, these phone calls. They're amazing!聽這個 Listen.我說看著他  不是操他 I said to keep an eye on him, not fuck him!不過是菊花入而已  不算的呀 It was only in the ass. That don't count.我要告訴媽媽 I'm telling Mom.這么勁爆 Whoa.是吧  太有意思了  這么多不同的生活 I know! Anyway. It's so interesting. All these lives.就跟讀狄更斯似的 It's like reading Dickens!不錯  這挺積極的 It's good. Showing initiative.也許這樣菲格就不會再盯著我了 Maybe it'll help get Fig off my ass.你知道她要求我執行記過配額嗎 You know she asked me to impose a shot quota?太荒唐了 This is ridiculous.你能站出來對抗她真厲害 I love that you stand up to her.你跟那誰怎么樣了 So, how are things going with... What's his name?他們不去了  他穿太多背心了 They're not going. He wore a lot of vests.這樣 Ah.也挺常見的 Well, that happens.哦對了  我在一個樂隊里... You know, I play in this band...你玩樂隊啊 You're in a band? Wow!是啊 Yeah?就是小打小鬧 Yeah. It's no big deal.明晚我們有演出  你要不要來 We play in town tomorrow night. You wanna come?我要看著情人節派對 Oh, I'm working the Valentine's party.我能幫你調開 I'll get you off.幫你調開值班時間 I'll get you off the schedule.可以幫你換班  小事情 I can get your shift covered. It's fine.我挺喜歡聽音樂的  一定很棒 Well, I do love music! That'd be awesome.謝謝  那好  Thanks.  Great.那到時候見  好  I'll see you there then!  Okay.我在海滋客工作時和我老板有過一腿 I had this thing with my boss at Long John Silver's.后來我發現他老婆超級辣 And then I found out his wife was wicked hot.所以感覺還不錯 So that was nice."你怎么知道我不開心"  愛麗絲說 "'How do you know I'm mad? ' said Alice."一看就知道"  貓說  "不然你也不會來這里" "'You must be, ' said the Cat, 'or you wouldn't have come here.'"你真他媽對 Mmm. Shit. You right.路易斯·卡羅一定蹲過牢 Lewis Carroll must have gone to prison.RJ的媽媽就叫愛麗絲 RJ's mom was named Alice.是嗎  她也掉進兔子洞了 Oh, yeah? She fall down a rabbit hole?不是  是毒窟  這樣  No. A crack hole.  Ah.然后她發現一塊石頭  上面寫著"吸了我" She found a little rock. Said "Smoke me," on it.這不好笑  那東西很厲害 That's not funny. That shit was serious."吸了我"  真有你的 "Smoke me." You a dumbass.杰弗遜  趕緊說再見吧  你得去保管處了 Jefferson. Say goodbye. You're on custodial now.現在就要去了 Already?什么  你要走了  是啊  Wait. You leaving?  Yeah.還記得我跟你說維在策劃什么事嗎 Remember, I told you Vee was getting something together?但是你為什么要離開圖書館呢  你喜歡這里 But why would you leave the library, man? You know you love it here.你不明白 You don't understand.我欠她 I owe her.她或許也能把你換過去吧 She could probably get you transferred, I bet.不會的 Nah.我自己心里有數 No, I know when I got it good.好吧  那我們晚飯見了 Okay. Well, I'll see you at dinner.怎么樣 Anything?再高點 Higher maybe.等等 Wait.腿抽筋了 Leg cramp.抱歉 Sorry.好了 Okay.太棒了 That's nice.是嗎  嗯  Yeah? Yeah?  Yeah.不行 No.沒感覺了 It's gone.就跟你說交叉式行不通 I told you scissoring wasn't a thing.說到愛情  有這么一句話 There's a saying about love.關于愛情有好多句話呢 There's a million sayings about love.我想到了其中一句 I'm thinking of the one that says,"愛不是互相凝視對方 "Love is not about staring at each other,而是望向同一個方向" but staring off in the same direction."我不喜歡這句 I don't like that one.我更喜歡看著你 I love staring at you too much.我渴了 I'm thirsty.我給你擦 Let me get that.很好 Oh, yeah.我還要 More.搞什么 What the fuck?不過是這個而已  在違禁物清單上  Just this.  It's on the list.只是水煙  少來  艾麗卡  It's fucking vapor!  Give me a break, Eliqua.卡普托今天盯著我  放回車里去  下一個 Caputo's up my ass today. Put it in your car. Next.現在搜身是強制的了 Patdowns are mandatory now.跟你開玩笑的 I'm just kidding.才不想碰你的假肢呢 I don't wanna touch that pegleg shit.情人節快樂  下一個 Happy Valentine's Day. Next.看看這些破玩意兒 Look at this shit.幸好你長得漂亮 You're lucky you're pretty. You know that, right?這個上面寫了啥 What does that one say?"伊恩"  以防萬一他來了  我真傻 "Ian." In case he shows up today. Stupid.媽逼 Shit.真高興我們是一家人 I'm so glad we're family.情人節快樂  謝謝  Happy Valentine's Day.  Thanks.今天有給我做什么愛心晚餐嗎 Are you cooking up something special for me today?屋子里聞著真香 The house smells great.這就是你想要我做的嗎 That's what you're gonna expect me to do?給你做飯  當你的家庭主婦 Cook for you? Be your little housewife?別想了  不可能 It's not happening.沒有  我以為我們是在扮演... No. I thought we were playing the...我無所謂你煮不煮飯 I don't care if you cook.抱歉  我今天心情不太好 Sorry. I've just been depressed today.不想再玩裝正常的游戲了 I don't want to play the normal game anymore因為我們永遠不可能像正常情侶那樣 'cause I don't know how we ever are gonna be normal.就是想告訴你  如果你想找人說說話 Well, just so you know. Counselors can be a great resource或哭一場  你可以找輔導員 if you feel like you need to talk or cry or something.誰是你輔導員  海利  Who'd you get?  Healy.這樣 Oh.有什么不對嗎  沒有  What's wrong?  Nothing.我只是覺得沒有哪個姑娘真心喜歡他 I just get the sense that none of the girls really like him.但你很堅強  都會過去的 But you're tough, you'll be fine.你有沒有覺得最近我們燒斷了很多保險絲 Have you noticed we've been blowing a lot of fuses around here lately?你才發現這兒都快散架了嗎 You're just noticing this place is falling apart?監獄難道沒有基礎設施的預算嗎 Doesn't the prison have a budget for infrastructure?當然有 Sure.那上個季度的電器預算哪去了 And what happened to the electrical budget from last quarter?說是要加護A區柵欄和卸貨平臺 It went to "upgrading the A block grid and loading dock panel."真的嗎  我們真加護了 Really? We did that?預算報告是這么寫的 That's what the budget report says.那我們做了嗎  這個嘛  So we did it?  Okay.真加護了嗎  不然呢  So it happened?  Why not?我不明白 I don't understand.相信我  你不想懂的 Trust me. You don't want to.好了  時間到了  恭喜你剛掙了11分 Congratulations. Hour's up. You just earned another 11 cents.好  各位  海豚式 All right, everybody. Dolphin pose.我覺得我能幫你完成這個海豚式 You know, I think I can help you with the dolphin pose.關鍵就在于保證你的骨盆放在... The trick is to make sure that your pelvic basin is just right...離我遠點 Get away from me.我去  謝謝紅媽 No way! Thanks, Red.紅媽  上帝保佑你 Red! Bless you!現在  再做一次海豚式 Now, let's return to dolphin pose.莖茶 Kukicha tea.看看誰回來了 Well, look who's back.無意打擾  姑娘們  繼續你們的海豚吧 Sorry to interrupt, girls. Continue with your dolphins.操  剛搞了個4分的 Fuck, just bagged a fourpointer.我們差不多平手 We're almost tied.聽著 Listen up.不要再毫無意義地賭氣了 This angry nonsense has to stop.很快我們就需要互相幫助 We're going to need each other soon.所有人 All of us.我沒開玩笑  尼古拉斯 I'm not kidding, Nicky.我們必須團結一致  這樣才能更強大 We have to stick together. We're stronger together.所以你就想再收買她們 So you try to buy their love back?謝謝紅媽 Thanks, Red.干嘛要問我 Why are you asking me that?你不該和我說話  你不該... You shouldn't be talking to me. So... You shouldn't be...14罐護足粉  有了  Fourteen foot powders.  Check.20管牙膏  有了  Twenty Effergrips.  Check that.還記得我們賣煙那會兒么 Remember when we sold smokes?我發誓我再也不投給自由黨了 God, I swear I'm gonna vote Libertarian.我得去趟車里  等會兒就回來 I gotta run to my car. I'll be right back.我能出去一會兒么 Mind if I step out for a moment?我他媽才不管呢 I don't give a shit.我猜猜 Let me guess."維  你把美味姐弄去保管處我很不爽" "Yo, Vee, I'm just so mad since y'all got Taystee transferred to custodial."這樣我只能一個人在圖書館玩兒奶了" "Just left me in the library with my titties in my hand."猜對了嗎 Close?你漏了一句 No, you left out,"要是你害她惹麻煩  我就殺了你" "If you get her in trouble, I'll kill you."真的  你試試  Really?  Bet.你要怎么殺我呢  我會想到辦法的  And how would you kill me?  I'll figure it out.我知道她覺得自己欠了你  可我明白 I know she thinks she owes you, but from what I heard,你不過是個利用迷途小孩  只顧自己的惡霸 you're just a bully who uses lost kids for her own shit等他們沒用了就扔到一邊 and then dumps 'em soon as the heat comes down.你他媽就是個吸血鬼 You're a fucking vampire.曾經有個小孩  叫哈羅·瓊斯 There was this kid growing up. Name was Haro Jones.他那雙手臂啊  我喜歡得... He had these arms. I just wanted to...只想從上舔到下... lick the length of his arms.有一天我在公園里 And then one day I walked into the park.看見他手伸進杰米拉·拉金的裙子里 Found his hand up Jamela Larkin's skirt.真是傷透了我的心 Broke my poor fool heart.聽著女人  我他媽才不管你過去的故事... Look, lady, I don't give a fuck about your little stories and shit...美味姐... Taystee...永遠... will...不會... never...喜歡... love...你 you.她永遠不會喜歡你 She will never love you.不是你想要的那種 Not the way you want.我不需要她喜歡我 Yo, I don't want her like that.我只想照顧她  僅此而已 I'm just looking out for her. That's all.爸爸  他媽幾個中國兵在我窗外抽煙來著 Yo, Pops, some fucking Chinese soldiers was just smoking right outside my window.抱歉 I'm so sorry.怎么了  媽媽呢 What? Where's Mom?她沒事 She's fine.我們被調回美國了 We're being transferred back to the States.我也不知道為什么  但已經定了 I don't know why, but we are.什么 What?抱歉 Sorry.讓你失望了  珀比 I let you both down, P.我也不知該說什么好 I don't know what to say.在這兒了 All right.天哪... Jesus! The...你越界了  查普曼 You're out of bounds, Chapman.你不說出去  我就不說 Well, I won't tell if you don't.把我們當犯人一樣對待 Treating us like we're prisoners.我聽說這里曾經想建個體育館 Hey, you know, I heard that there were plans to build a gym here.你知道后來怎么樣了嗎 Do you know whatever happened to that?還不是老樣子 What always happens.我來接手吧 I'll take it from here.就是找一根出問題的電線 Just looking for a faulty wire.為什么要問麥克斯韋體育館的事 Why are you asking Maxwell about a gym?聽說最近你的問題有點多啊 From what I hear, you're full of questions lately.你知道的  我一直很關心 You know that I have always been interested他人的安全與健康 in the health and safety of others.我還努力幫你去看你奶奶 I'm trying to help you with your nana.所以我再問一遍  為什么你問這些問題 So again, why are you asking all these questions?"新聞自由權并非只有自由人才有" "Freedom of the press shouldn't only be a privilege of the free."這他媽扯什么犢子 What the fuck does that mean?關新聞什么事 What does the press have anything to do with this?我想開辦一份監獄簡報 I'm starting a prison newsletter.一份簡報  對  A newsletter?  A newsletter.一份...由犯人撰寫的...簡報 A newsletter... written by the prisoners...由文章和專欄組成 with articles and oped pieces.所以我試著走出自己的世界 That is why I've been trying to get out of my bubble開始了解這個地方 and get to know this place.我們...這里是我們的家 We... This is our home.我們應該加強彼此之間的交流 We should all be communicating more.犯人啊  守衛啊  管理人員 Inmates, guards, administration.這份簡報可以幫助 This could really,我們更了解彼此  了解這里 really help us get to know each other and this place better.當然需要您的同意 Pending your approval, of course,主編大人 Mr. EditorinChief.別捧過頭了 Don't oversell it.一份簡報  對  A newsletter?  Mmm.好吧  不是說我同意了 Okay. I'm not saying yes.明天給我幾篇例文看看 Show me some sample stories by tomorrow.明天  當然可以 Tomorrow? Sure. Okay. Yeah.以前姑娘們都很喜歡我 The girls used to like me.她們還會喜歡你的 They will again.我的姑娘們都怎么樣 Hey, hey, hey. How my girls doing?怎么又板起臉了 Why you got your famous pouty face on?我不明白你在干嘛 I don't understand what you doing.是嗎  有多少次你都不理解我在干嘛 Yeah? And how many times have you not understood my methods最終不都搞懂了 only to have everything be made clear?是嗎  那警察追RJ那次呢 Yeah, like when the cops were after RJ?這么早就放大招了 God damn! You done gone for the nuclear option early.為什么你不愿意談RJ Why don't you ever wanna talk about RJ?因為都過去了  姑娘 Because it's in the past, girl.而我活在現在  你也應該這樣 I live in the now. So should you.庫茲尼克夫婦誠邀您參加他們女兒 安吉拉·庫茲尼克和克里斯托弗·麥克拉倫的婚禮 2月14日周五  下午4點一整天我都他媽在洗廁所  為你辯護 All damn day I've been scrubbing toilets, defending you.可我都不再相信你了 And I don't even believe in you anymore!美味  不  Taystee.  No!你沒有任何計劃 You don't have a plan.你只是想證明你還能使喚我 You just wanna prove that you can order me around.但是不行  不行了 But no, not anymore.打開箱子  什么  Open the box.  What?打開箱子 Open the box.媽的  我告訴你  我不想再保潔了 Man, I told you. I'm done cleaning.你在干嘛 What are you doing?什么  煙草 What? Tobacco?清潔劑去哪兒了 But where's the cleanser?艾·沃就好像是踏進浴缸 Okay, it's like getting into a bath,水就像溫暖的巧克力布丁 but the water is like warm chocolate pudding.還有史密斯樂隊演奏《今夜不眠》 And The Smiths are playing There Is a Light That Never Goes Out.到處都是暖暖的燈光 Oh. There's warm lighting all over五個男人幫你按摩 and there're like five dudes massaging you.而且你還有個披薩 And you have a pizza.她說的沒錯  你還有個披薩 She's right. And you also have a pizza.我從那個有胡子的希臘妞那兒弄了點私酒 Hey, I got some hooch from that Greek chick with the beard.真不錯哎  是吧  That's pretty good!  Yeah?費歇爾今天外出  有自己的活動 Fischer's out today. Apparently having her woman time.是嘛 Oh.喬呢 Where's Joe?他也不在 He's out, too.讓這些姑娘開什么派對 Let 'em have their stupid little party又不留足夠人手管理 and then don't put enough muscle on.太典型了 So typical.布羅尼科斯基  控制著點 Bronikowski, leave room for Jesus.不然我分分鐘就關了派對 I will shut this thing down in a heartbeat.你說好不好笑 You know what's funny?雖然我在女子監獄工作 I'm in a women's prison,可我卻一點都不了解女人 but I don't understand women at all.我告訴你  本尼特 I'll tell you something about women, Bennett.女人啊  你要讓她們覺得你投入了很多感情 With women, you make 'em think you're meeting them halfway,可實際上呢 when really what you're doing is你只投入了10%到15% you're meeting them about 10% to 15% of the way.女人數學都不好  記住這點 Women are really bad at math. Don't forget that.我會的  先生 I won't, sir.杰克有打電話嗎  誰  Did Jack call yet?  Who?聽我說  達婭 Listen, Daya.雖然我們沒法做平常情侶  但是... I know we can't be normal, but...別說了 Shh.帶我出去  現在 Take me somewhere. Now.她們更大了 Wow. They're bigger!快點 Let's go.怎么了 What is this?嘿 Yo!閉上眼睛 Close your eyes.為什么  閉上  What? Why?  Close 'em.張開嘴 Open your lips.少張點 Less.美味...  快點  T...  Do it.什么  香煙 What? What's this? A cigarette?要做生意了  珀比  維擬定好了銷售計劃 We in business, P! Vee's got a whole sales plan.我們有報酬  我跟你說 We getting paid! I told you.要有錢了啊 Nextlevel Mr. Miyagi shit, son!讓你爸爸想辦法啊 Tell your father to fight!沒用的 Won't help.是你爸想要我們走 Your father wants us gone,我們就得走 we're gone.那我和你一起走 Then I'm coming with you.你不會喜歡新澤西的 Don't think Jersey's for you.我愛你  珀比 I love you, Poussey.聽著 Look.操你很爽 You're fun to fuck,不過也就這樣了 but that's it.你是我一生所愛 You're the love of my life.你的奶子真心不錯  我會記住的 You have killer tits. I'll remember those.昨天你還說你愛我 Yesterday you loved me!怎么今天就這樣了 How can you just shut down like that?我是老手了 I've had a lot of practice.真是意想不到的驚喜 Well, that was unexpected.抱歉我之前心情不好 Sorry. I was in a mood before.你真貼心 You're the sweetest man.給你 Here.還有條狗 Look at the dog!真棒 This is so great.你的也很棒啊 So was this.這個 Mmm. This.干嘛偷偷摸摸的 Sneaky, sneaky man.致我的愛人情人節快樂  那對小孩就是我們  情人節快樂  馬上就能快樂  你知道我是誰你看  我們也能成為普通情侶 See? We can be a normal couple.不過你把"情"字寫錯了 Except you misspelled "Valentine's."不  我不會 No, I didn't.是門德斯寫的 Mendez did.你們好 Hi.我們準備創辦一份簡報 I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions所以能問你們幾個問題嗎 for a newsletter we're starting.辦簡報  祝你們好運 A newsletter? Okay, good luck.你看  今天是情人節 So, since it's Valentine's Day,你覺得愛是什么 what is love to you?你們怎么定義愛 How would you define love?這問題真他媽蠢 That's a retarded fucking question.好吧 Okay. Um...換個問題 How about this?上一次你們見到 When was the last time大規模的水管修繕是什么時候 you saw any major plumbing work being done around here?我想想 Hmm.大概04  05年吧  04  05年  '04'05, maybe?  '04'05.有個叫唐娜·庫索的胖妞一周內弄壞了三個馬桶 This fatso named Donna Cusio broke three toilets in one week.真他媽一團糟啊 It was a mess, man.我想也是  太肥了肯定 I bet. Big, big woman.我是卡佳  請留言 This is Katya. Leave a message.寶貝 Hi, honey.是我 It's me.我打來就是想祝你情人節快樂 I just wanted to call and wish you a happy Valentine's Day.你愿意 Would you like...和我 to dance...跳支舞嗎 with me?我是為你學的 I learned that for you.我是一個好男人  卡佳  你會明白的 I'm a good man, Katya. You'll see that.我一定會讓你自豪能嫁給我這個傻蛋 I'm gonna make you really proud to be married to this big galoot.我發誓 I swear to...什么叫菲利斯不存在 The fuck you mean there's no Ferris?說的是《春天不是讀書天》的情節聽我說 No, okay. Hear me out.菲利斯只是 Ferris is just a projection卡梅隆假想出來的  表現他不敢反抗專橫的爸爸 of Cameron's inability to stand up to his domineering father.但問題就在這里  卡梅隆根本沒離開過房間 But here's the mindfuck. Cameron never actually leaves his room!記得嗎  他病了 Remember, he's sick.于是他想象出一個理想化的自己  菲利斯 He invents this idealized self, Ferris.還給他弄了個三十歲的女朋友 Plus his, like, 30yearold girlfriend.然后想象出了之后一系列的冒險 And then imagines this epic adventure追車  游行  打球等等 with car chases, parades, ball games, blah, blah, blah.所以逃學的一天 So this day off只是他身體與意識的脫離... is actually just the day off from his rigid coherence to mindbody alignment...你他媽就不能給我閉嘴嗎 Would you please shut the fuck up?抱歉  只是我看的一個理論而已 Sorry. It's just a theory I read.下次直接坐她臉上  她就閉嘴了 Next time, just sit on her face. It shuts her right up.我會記住的 I'll keep that in mind.為什么故意不理我 Why are you ignoring me?為什么不理我  說啊 Why are you ignoring me? Spit it out! Come on!你之前一直獨裁這個小團體 Look, you've been lording over this group就跟希拉里一樣 like some Hillary Clinton dictator.什么  可我們想要民主  What?  And we wanna be a democracy.你說我是希拉里·克林頓 Are you calling me Hillary Clinton?要是你也穿得下褲套裝 If the pantsuit fits.聽著  我們不帶你玩了 Look, we're done with you. Right?你們不帶我了 Y'all are done with me?真是搞笑啊  琳恩 That's really funny. That's really funny, Leanne.如果我是希拉里 'Cause if I'm Hillary Clinton,那你們就是賤人  毒鬼  只知道喝思樂冰 then y'all must be some sisterwife, tweaker, Slurpeedrinking,沒文化  沒爹的拖車癟三 fourthgrade reading level, DaddyonCOPS, trailer trash nothing!你們知道嗎  我無所謂 And you know what? It's okay因為你們從來對我都不算什么 'cause you ain't never even challenged me anyway.其實  你們誰都不行 Actually, you know what? None of you did. Not one.你老是和比你差的人打網球 You keep playing tennis with someone worse than you你就永遠打不好  所以謝謝 and you ain't never gonna get better. So thank you.你還打網球  這是比喻  你個傻逼  You play tennis?  It's a metaphor, you potato with eyes!不好意思要說臟話了  你們吃屎去吧 You know what? Pardon my French, but you can eat my shit.婊子 Whore.婊子  婊子 Whore. Whore.剛才可真尷尬 Man, that was awkward.安琪  嗯  Angie?  Yeah?給我拿點飲料 Go get me some punch.派對不錯 Great party.聽著  我們很高興 Listen, we are so happy你和達婭有如此美好秘密的特殊時光 that you and Daya are having such fun, special, secret times together.我們也很欣賞你對她這么好 And we really admire you providing for her so well.盡管是這種情況 You know, despite the circumstances.我們只想讓你知道 And we just wanted to let you know我們將以沉默來表達對你的完全支持 that we support you 500% with our continued silence.鑒于如此  下次你再夾帶私貨進來時 Considering as such, in your next round of legbased contraband,我們有幾個要求 we had a couple requests這樣我們能更愉快地保持沉默 that could make our aforementioned silence a little bit more comfortable.我呢  想要一個iPod隨身聽 I mean, I, personally, request an iPod Shuffle.裝點后朋克啊  趕時髦樂隊啊 You know, loaded with alt and postpunk, Depeche Mode,滅跡樂隊之類的歌 Erasure...我想要悠忽飲料  還有無酒精含氟漱口水 And I need Yoohoo and ACT Fluoride Rinse for my teeth.我想要個手機  帶攝像頭  謝謝 A cell phone. With a camera. Thank you.情人節快樂 Happy Valentine's Day.謝謝  好吧  Thanks.  Okay.你這招太他媽損了 You know, that's a fucking low blow,就算是你這賤貨  尼古拉斯   真的 even for a filthy sewer rat like you, Nichols. Really.你告訴別人我有陰虱 You told people I have crabs.你才發現啊 You just found out about that?你這是作弊 It is cheating!沒事  羅瑞格茲在波士頓被砸時也沒哭啊 Come on. ARod doesn't cry when he gets plunked in Beantown.他還不是撐住了  去盜二壘 He sucks it up and tries to steal second.我也想舔舔  上二壘啊 I've been trying to both suck and steal second,要是大家都覺得我有陰虱我還怎么上啊 but I can't because everybody thinks I have cooties!說到上壘  你多少分了 Speaking of a set, how many you got?Thirtysix.剛洗澡時剛給波克插了雙指 After I gave Pirkle the double shocker in the showers just now.真的  你上了波克 Really? You Pirkled?是啊  一遍又一遍 Oh, I Pirkled and then I Pirkled again.感覺怎么樣  很粗糙  And?  It was gnarly.陰蒂好大 It's macroclit.就像給小孩口活似的  我的天  It was like blowing a toddler.  Oh, my God!很不舒服  太他媽有勁了  It was so uncomfortable.  That's fucking hilarious.36  那我們倆打平了 Oh, God! So 36. We're tied.是的  沒錯  Yep.  Yeah.要不就到此為止吧  要不別再玩兒了  Hey, do you wanna just stop?  Have you considered maybe we just stop?我是無所謂啦  你要想繼續我也可以啊  Because I could do that.  I don't have to but if you want to.因為我們都操了...  不少了  'Cause we both fucked...  Lots.還記得我們當初為什么要比這個么 Remind me why we did this to ourselves in the first place.因為我無比好勝 Because I am insanely competitive.而我因為上癮所以得時刻滿足需要 And I need to feed my addictive tendencies at all times.吃餅干大賽 Cookieeating contest?你認識我嗎 Son, have you ever actually seen me?你肯定會輸  滾開  You are going down.  Get out...謝謝大家  這是送給科拉的 Thanks, guys. That was for Cora.我們會想念你的笑聲  玉米狗  現在休息一會兒 We're gonna miss your laugh, Corndog. And we're gonna take five.你來了  我們正好要休息一會兒 Hey! You made it! We're just going on break.你看上去和平時不太一樣 Wow. You look so different.工作時我還是想比較正經點 Well, you know. I like to keep things profesh at work.我給你在吧臺留了個高位 I saved you a stool with a view.其實我需要一張桌子 Actually, we're gonna need a table.我不知道你要來  我說了這應該挺好玩的  I didn't know you were coming.  You heard me say it sounded fun.希望你不介意我跟別人提了你的演出 I hope you don't mind I told some of the guys about your show.我差點趕不過來 I almost didn't make it.現在賣方不肯劃掉 Get this, the sellers are now refusing to drop突發置換這一項 the replacement contingency!你他媽能別提房子的事兒了嗎 Would you shut up about real estate?我當初要你搬進來你不肯 I asked you to move in with me and you said no.所以你現在沒資格說話 So you have no talking rights here.不錯  像雙重約會 This is nice. Like a double date!我們不是一對  我們不是一對  We're not together.  We're not together.我們還需要一把椅子 Actually we're gonna need another chair.為什么 Why?你看著像基佬 You look like the Gay Edge.你好啊 Hey!留位就好像是  你更是你自己了  平時都是... It's like you become more you. Which normally is like...可是現在好了  那個人 But now it's okay... because the person, like,不管是誰  他包容你的一切 whoever, they chose to take all that on.所有奇奇怪怪的方面 All that weird stuff.無論是不好的還是隱藏的特質 Whatever's wrong or bad or hiding in you.突然都沒關系了 Suddenly it's all right.你不再覺得自己是個怪胎了 You don't feel like such a freak anymore.萊瑞 Larry!月亮敢這樣嗎 Would the moon do this?我贏了 I won!萊瑞  很高興見到你 Larry! Good to see you, mate.身上有些味道抱歉  剛宰了頭鹿 Sorry about the stink. I killed a caribou!腌在菠蘿汁里野味就能淡點 Less gamey marinated in pineapple juice.還讓精液更美味 Also, makes your spunk taste good.所以寶貝你有福了  這是什么 So you're in luck, babe! What's that?這是... Oh. It's, uh...是帕波的東西 It's Piper's stuff.哥們  一起吧  我們正要出去吃點拉面 Aw. Brother. Come on, we were just heading out for some ramen.現在有保姆能偷點閑  東西讓門童看著 You know, we have a babysitter! I'll leave these with the doorman.不用了  皮特  我得... No, Pete. Really, I should... I...這可是情人節啊  混蛋  一起來 It's Valentine's Day, asshole! Come join us.我在你垃圾桶里找到這個 I found this in your trash.這是... And this is...你一直提起的那個人 the guy you always talking about?我知道愛一個 Yeah, I know something about loving people不知回報的人的滋味 who aren't smart enough to wanna be loved back.但我知道個秘密  我告訴你 But I learned a secret that I can tell you.他們都不值得愛 They don't deserve it.他永久地毀了我的這個節日 He's ruined this day for me forever.大家都不知道我們不在一起了 Nobody knows that we're not together.可是你知道啊 Yeah, but you do.是  我知道  對了  I do. I do know.  Yeah.你知道最瘋狂的是什么嗎 You know what is crazy?就是經歷了這一切一切 I still wanna believe in all of this stuff.我還愿意相信這些東西 Even after everything that's happened.是不是很可悲  不不  Isn't that sad?  Oh, no.我覺得這是勇敢 I think that's brave.謝謝 Thank you.說真的  你覺得我該隆胸嗎 Seriously. Do you think I should get fake tits?是的 Yeah. Probably.伊恩混蛋 Asshole.你知道我最難過什么嗎 You know what gets me?我們在這里浪費了最美好的年華 We're wasting the best years of our lives in here.我們的胸不會比現在更美 Like, our tits are never gonna look better.我們的翹臀也不會比現在更美 Our asses are never gonna look better.沒人上我  沒人吻我 You know, no one's touching my ass. No one's kissing my lips.傻瓜  我來吻你 Shit. I'll kiss your dumb lips.再來一次 Do it again.不行  不行不行  No!  No! No.不行 No.過來 Come here.沒事的 It's okay.珀比  過來給她們看看什么才是真正的鬼步舞 Yo, P. Come and show these fools how to cabbage patch for real.不用了 Nah. I'm good.別裝得什么事都沒有一樣 Man, don't act like everything fine. Like this...行了  你吃千層面 Yo. I don't interrupt you吃得正爽的時候我也沒打攪過你啊 when you going to town on a bunch of spaghetti. Damn!回你那維媽身邊去好了 Yo, why don't you head on back to old Erykah Badu over there?我就當沒聽見這句 I'm gonna forget you said that.我又不在乎你聽沒聽見 I don't give a fuck what you forget or remember!媽逼這下好了  多謝啊 Oh, shit. Great! Thanks a lot, man.你走開 You should leave.珀比 Poussey!這是我和你爸之間的事 This is between me and your father.喂 Hey!喂  干嘛  Hey!  Well?我們不走  跟美國人說去  We're not leaving.  Talk to the Americans.操你媽逼  你這個混蛋  都是你 Fuck you. Fuck you, man. This is your doing. You!喝酒了吧  孩子 Been drinking, little girl?珀比  別這樣 Poussey, please.你無權決定我的生活 You don't get to decide what happens to my life!你沒這個權利 Not you!我愛她 I love her.所以你必須回家 And that is why you're going home.我受夠了  我哪兒都不去 I'm done. I'm not going anywhere.抱歉  中校 Pardon us, Oberstleutnant.請繼續享用冰激凌 Enjoy your ice cream.你知道嗎  現在有些治療項目 You know, there are programs可以糾正你女兒有問題的取向 that can change your daughter's confused predilections.謝謝  但她沒事 Thanks, but she's fine.我的女士 My lady.派對真有意思啊 Fun party.沒男人  沒酒  沒點像樣的吃的  也沒有粉 A party with no men, booze, real food or drugs.還好我們年紀大了  無所謂了 Good thing we're too old for any trouble.沒錯  花園搗騰得怎么樣了 Right. How's the gardening going?天氣轉暖  就能真正用了 Once the thaw comes, we'll really get going.我本想喊你加入 Well, I'd ask you to join,不過看著你有自己的事兒 but you clearly have your own hobbies.我們得有人 We gotta have people.你知道這樣不會有善終 You know this will not end well.你真笨 You're retarded.你呢  查普曼 What about you, Chapman?就好像一次漫長的旅途后  終于回家 It's like coming home after a long trip.這就是愛 That's what love is like.就像回家 It's like coming home.謝謝你問我 Thanks for asking.女子監獄 第二季 第八集醫生建議雙側輸卵管至卵巢摘除術
The doctor recommends a bilateral salpingooophorectomy.誰會不喜歡有"摘除"這個詞的手術呢
Who doesn't love a surgery with "Ooph" in it?懲教署對這個有些限制...
The, uh, DOC has set certain limits on invasive...不能給你做
It's not gonna happen.你并非沒得選  我們可以繼續化療
You're not out of options. We'll stick with the chemo."我們"
"We"?你卵巢里也有癌癥嗎
You got cancer in your ovaries, too?我是你的輔導員  我是幫你渡過難關的
I'm your counselor. I'm here to help you through this.沒什么"渡過難關"
There is no "Through this."我會死
I'm gonna die.別這樣  你能長命百歲呢
Hey. Come on, now. You could live for years.開他媽的什么玩笑  注意語言
 That's a fucking lie.  Language!我知道這很艱難
Look, I know this is difficult for you.我堂兄得了肺癌  情況糟糕
My cousin had lung cancer. It didn't look good for him,但他堅持化療
but he stuck with the chemo現在又在奧尼昂塔修屋頂了
and now he's back fixing roofs in Oneonta.你堂兄真是走了好運
Lucky duck, your cousin.而我  走的是霉運
Me? Dead duck.你得盡量保持積極  沒人知道未來如何
You have to try to remain positive. No one knows the future.醫生知道
Doctors know the future.他們認為我需要做手術
They think I need the surgery.但愿我可以幫你
I wish I could help you.但你幫不了  永遠都是如此
But it's out of your hands. It's always out of your hands.你們都一樣
You're all the same...沒用
useless.羅莎  我牙里卡菜了嗎你怕他們覺得你不帥嗎  老天啊  馬爾科是你把菠菜放在蛋里的說起來  這樣很好吃啊謝謝  寶貝等下  還真卡了菜  我幫你...好了  完美這個給你天哪  馬爾科你會做得很好的第一次誰都會緊張  但接著你會愛上這感覺的知道嗎  知道
 Okay?  Mmmhmm. Okay.別忘了你的墨鏡好看嗎
Ahora si?事前一吻  事后一吻好了
Okay.動手吧所有人都趴在地上  好好
 Suits, on the floor! Down!  Okay!錢放袋子里趴著別動
Just stay down.不要染了墨的  我可不想要藍色的錢
No dye packs. Don't want no Smurf money.快點快把袋子裝滿
Fill the bag.我們走吧走吧  寶貝不要
Don't!有警衛你他媽給我的槍怎么沒子彈搶劫拿著空槍有什么好處讓你看起來很酷你不信任我槍支很危險要的就是危險寶貝  別生氣嘛  看看這么多錢你聞聞好棒的氣味  寶貝  棒極了比黑色達卡還棒天哪你在流血我們得送他去醫院他中槍了
He got hit?有多糟  馬爾科我們可以帶他去那個獸醫那里
We can take him to that vet.那個獸醫在哪為什么不去獸醫那里  安迪馬爾科
Marco.我們怎么辦  馬爾科  告訴我先給我事后吻  事前一吻  事后一吻你會沒事的你這么堅強為我撐住  親愛的馬爾科
Marco?看起來不錯嘛  紅媽  發新芽了你看
Looking good, Red. You got a green thumb. Look at this.這不是復雜的事
It's not rocket science.那是什么
What's that?我在想  我可以
I was thinking I could take a占用一點地方自己種點東西
little area for my own guys to bust out a little.種什么
What are you planting?蔬菜
Vegetables.別擔心  我會親自照顧的
Don't worry, I'll take care of 'em myself.早上過來給它們唱首歌
Come in in the morning, I'll sing 'em a little song...每天早上嗎
Every morning?等天暖和點兒  我就把它們移到室外
When it gets warmer, I'll move 'em outside.你確定不會太早嗎
Are you sure it's not too early?因為如果他們在這里長得太大
Because if they grow too big in here,移栽可就難辦了
they might not transplant well.不就是一點蔬菜嘛  比如西葫蘆
It's just little bitch vegetables like squash.花椰菜可不是好處理的
Broccoli is no pussy.別擔心  我知道自己在做什么
Don't worry, I know what I'm talking about.這個盆對這株幼苗來說太大了
This pot is way too big for this seedling.你得確保排水沒問題...
You gotta make sure you're getting proper drainage here...別動
Don't!那是吉米的盆  是豆莖
That's Jimmy's pot. It's a bean stalk.她覺得自己要從巨人那里偷琴呢
She thought she was going to steal a harp from a giant.整個簡直...
It was a whole... just...好吧
Okay.要是你擔心排水系統
If you're worried about the drainage,不如給我買些小點的花盆
maybe you could buy me some smaller pots.這些花盆應該沒什么問題
Yeah. They'll probably do just fine.把你的種子給我吧  我會給你播種的
Leave your seeds. I'll get your plants going.別了  我喜歡親力親為
Nah. Truth is, I like doing it myself.有益身心
Therapeutic.明天見
See you tomorrow.干得不錯
Good job.我得說
I have to say,這事還挺讓人開心的
there is something gratifying about this, you know?洗別人的衣服
Washing someone else's clothes,為他人服務
being of service to another human being.等你洗到
Well, just wait till you全是大姨媽的褲子
come across some of them periodsoaked panties或者沾了屎的內褲再看你有多開心吧
or the shit stains on the undies and see how gratified you are.我懂你的意思  蘇蘇
I get what you're saying, Soso.拿來臟東西  再洗干凈
Taking something dirty, making it not dirty no more.說到洗
And speaking of washing.看到小賣部里新進了除臭劑嗎
You see they got a new kind of deodorant down at commissary?爽身粉味兒的
Powder fresh scent.真的嗎  是啊
 Is that right?  Yeah.我找時間去看看
Yeah, I may have to go check that out.止汗劑對人體非常不好
Guys, antiperspirant is so bad for you.超級有毒
You know, it's completely toxic.我們的身體應該自由呼吸
Our bodies are meant to breathe free.呼吸  是啊
Breathe, yeah.這話讓我希望
Yeah. You know, that makes me wish我們這兒能有些窗
that we had some windows down好通通風
here so we could air out the place, you know?她們想說你很臭
Yeah, they're trying to say you stink.真的嗎
I do?我們知道剛來這兒不容易
We know it's hard to get out of that depression funk thing脫離那種絕望
when you first get here but...你很臭
You reek.去洗澡吧
Go take a shower.好了  塔琪  別說了
All right, Tucky. Lay off.你說什么  琳恩  你才閉嘴
Excuse me? Leanne, you lay off.因為我認識的琳恩會告訴這個臟妞
'Cause the Leanne I knew would've told this dirty hippie去洗洗她的下面
to go wash her hairy pits and her parts.但你現在想交新朋友了是嗎
But instead, you're off making new friends now, aren't ya?怎么樣
How's that going?感覺就不太好
Can't imagine well,因為真朋友不會兜圈子
because a real friend doesn't have to dance around the subject.真朋友會說實話
And a real friend just tells it like it is.學著點兒
Watch and learn.你聞著跟烏龜缸似的  趕緊他媽去洗個澡吧
You smell like a fucking turtle tank. Go take a fucking shower.一個80歲老太一個月忘洗澡了
You try washing an 80yearold woman你卻想給她洗澡
when she's forgotten to shower for a month.這兒出了些怪事
Strange things grow in the folds.我們把吉米的事瞞了好多年了
We hid Jimmy's condition for years.她到處晃的時候我們花半天去找她
Spent half our days tracking her down when she wandered,想讓她及時趕回來點名
trying to get her back in time for count,看著她日況愈下
watching her get worse every day.她要怎么吃飯  要怎么照顧自己
How is she gonna eat? How is she gonna take care of herself?她會流落街頭  然后
She'll end up on the street and then...我猜撐不過一周
My guess, dead in a week.別誤會  他們干的事非常惡心
Don't get us wrong, it's disgusting what they done,而她是  曾是一個很好的女人
and she is, was, a lovely woman.所以提前釋放只是踹了就跑
So compassionate release is really just a dump and run?更像是踹開
More like dump and sidle再偷偷溜走  他們就是這樣的人
away like the sneaky, shitty spiders they are.我認識一個記者  他也許能幫忙
I know this guy, a reporter. He might be able to help.《瘋老太獲釋》
"Demented Granny Set Free,"可不是什么性感標題  連新聞都稱不上
ain't a sexy headline and it ain't news.沒人關心老太太
No one gives a shit about old ladies.我們讓別人想到他們都難逃一死
We remind everyone that they're gonna die.我不這么看
I don't feel that way.我覺得在老人身邊很舒服
I find it comforting to be around old people.很高興能幫上忙
Glad we could be of service.我奶奶快死了
My grandmother is dying.很遺憾
Sorry to hear that.她教我織東西
She taught me how to knit.我給我的毛絨猴子織了一條毯子
I made a blanket for my stuffed monkey.花了我六個月
It took me six months.然后我媽在庭院當舊貨賣了兩角五分
And then my mother sold it at a yard sale for a quarter.你媽可真討厭
Your mum sounds like a twat.有時是的
She can be.但我奶奶不是
But not my grandmother, no.我爺爺死時
When Granddad died, she她自學投資股票
taught herself how to invest in the stock market變得非常在行
and got really, really good at it.她在韋爾弗利特買了套房子
She bought herself a house in Wellfleet and...還開始劃皮劃艇了
she started kayaking.她以前總跟我說  "出去見見世面  帕波
She always used to say to me, "Go out and eat the world, Piper.別為了男人在家做家庭主婦"
"Don't you get stuck at home with some man."后面那句話我可能聽得有些片面了
I may have taken that last part too literally.查普曼
Chapman.我猜猜
Let me guess,親愛的查普曼小姐  沒人能休假
"Dear Miss Chapman, no one gets furlough.你不行  別人不行  尤其是你不行
"Not you, not anyone, but especially not you.敬上  懲教署  差不多嗎
"Love, the DOC." Am I warm?你可以休假了  真有趣
 Got your furlough.  Funny.少諷刺了
Hey, watch the sarcasm.我撥了幾通電話  托了一點關系
I made a few phone calls, moved the process along.你可以去跟奶奶告別了
You get to go and say goodbye to your nana.天哪
Oh, my God!我的天哪
Oh, my God!你說  你說真的嗎
Are you... Are you serious?別提問  查普曼  道謝就好
Don't ask questions, Chapman. Just say, "Thank you."謝謝
Thank you.太謝謝了
Thank you.非常感謝  海利先生  謝謝
Thank you, Mr. Healy. Thank you.好了  不客氣
Okay. You're welcome.不客氣  查普曼  不客氣
You're welcome, Chapman. You're welcome.他剛是說"休假"了嗎
Did... Did he say furlough?你也太聾了  親愛的  誰能休假啊
You're deaf as a post, honey. No one gets a furlough.早上好  早  你好啊
Good morning. Morning. How are you?早上好啊美人
Good morning, sunshine.這是什么
What's this?是熱可可
It's a hot chocolate.有點甜  給我的...
A little sweet, for my...給你  謝謝  喬爾
 You.  Thanks, Joel.太燙了嗎
Was it too hot?這里面有烈酒嗎
Is there Schnapps in this?有
Yeah.那這杯是我的
That one's mine.你怎么回事
What's wrong with you?寶貝  這是增添風味
Babe, it's for flavor.別叫我寶貝
Don't call me babe.你不能回我短信就不能叫我寶貝
You can't call me babe if you can't return my texts.我要跟你說幾次  我不發短信的
How many times do I have to tell you, I don't text.好了  你要跟我聊天的話  就打電話吧
All right, if you wanna talk to me, call.或者開車來我家
Or drive over to my house.但是得半夜之后  等我室友睡著
You know, but after midnight, when my roommate's sleeping.卡普托  你看看  看到沒  你他媽看到沒
Caputo! Look at this. Do you see this? Do you fucking see this?你的鞋嗎  我看到了  很漂亮
Your shoe? I see your shoe. It's a nice shoe.很漂亮  高跟的
 Nice?  High.這是一雙鞋底粘了口香糖的魯布托鞋
These are fucking Louboutins with gum on the sole.我踩到了口香糖  雙腳都沒進門呢
I stepped in gum, not two feet into the building.囚犯哪來的口香糖  口香糖是禁運品  卡普托
Where are the prisoners getting gum? Gum is contraband, Caputo.這貨是怎么進來
How the hell is it getting in,被嚼  被吐在地上
chewed, dropped and stuck然后粘在我昂貴的鞋上了
to the bottom of my very expensive shoe?我不知道  所以我才擔心
 I don't know.  And that's what concerns me.我在執行記過配額指標呢
I'm enforcing your shot quota.我已經盡我所能了
I'm doing everything I can.那就再加把勁  掌握控制權
Well, do better. Take control.你  你在這兒上班嗎
You, do you work here?是的  女士  別叫我"女士"
 Yes, ma'am.  Don't call me "Ma'am."我不是來買你東西的大媽
I'm not an old lady you're bagging groceries for.你是獄警  你的工作是執行規定
You are a correctional officer. Your job is to enforce the rules.你知道都有些什么規定嗎  知道
 Do you know what the rules are?  Yes.因為現在隨便看向哪兒
Because, right now, looking in an arbitrary direction,都能看到大耳環和不允許化的妝
I see large earrings, I see unapproved makeup.只有我看到了嗎  是我有透視眼嗎
Am I the only one who sees this? Do I have super vision?我跟《第六感》里那男孩一樣
Am I like the boy in The Sixth能看到別人看不到的東西嗎
Sense who sees infractions no one else sees?是我走進了奈特·沙拉馬拉馬的電影
Am I in a fucking M. Night Shalamalama movie,還是那個囚犯搽了綠色眼影
or is that inmate wearing green eye shadow?應該是叫沙馬蘭吧
I think it's pronounced Shyamalan.我還是先回去干活了
I, uh, better get back to work.菲格羅亞小姐  大家都化妝
Miss Figueroa, everyone wears makeup.很好  那我就沒瘋
Oh, good, I'm not crazy.那你會做些什么
So are you gonna do something about it,還是站在這里當擺設呢
or are you just here for decoration?囚犯  等等
Inmate, hold up.那完全沒必要
That was totally unnecessary.我把她可憐巴巴的眼神搞得更慘兮兮了嗎
Oh, did I make her sad puppy dog eyes look even sadder?我知道你對她有些
Look, I know you have some愛情卡通片的感覺
kind of pathetic Love Is cartoon crush on her,但現在不是高中了
but this isn't high school.做好本分  不然我就另覓他人
Do your job, or I will find someone who will.叫這人洗個澡去
And make this one take a shower.一直累死了  我到哪睡哪
So fucking tired all the time, I fall asleep everywhere.我跟戀尸癖似的
It's like I'm a necrophiliac.你們想到計劃什么的了嗎
You guys come up with a plan yet, or what?上一個想法是假裝我很胖
Last idea was to pretend I'm fat,在掃帚柜里生下來  然后從他的假腿里偷送出去
have it in the broom closet, and then sneak it out in his leg.他一定是在開玩笑
But I'm pretty sure he was kidding.但他可能說到點子上了
But he could be onto something though, you know?這里的人好像
People around here seem總有辦法把東西弄進來
to have all sorts of ways of gettin' shit in,也許你能想辦法反過來
so maybe you could figure out the reverse.上面是給廚房里的  下面是我姑娘們要的
Top's extra for my kitchen, bottom's some perks for my girls.可別出岔子
Don't want any drama.不會的  只是生意
No drama, just business.護士  你在采血還是給她紋身呢
Hey, lady, are you taking her blood or giving her a tattoo?我盡力呢
I'm doing my best.你的"盡力"爛爆了
Yeah, well, your best sucks.也許你一會兒會開始嘔吐  就不會這么多話了
Maybe you'll start vomiting soon so you can't talk so much, yes?趕緊把頭埋進桶里
Go stick your head in a bucket.謝謝你捍衛我的靜脈  桶仔
Thank you for defending my veins, bucket boy.她就是個沒用的賤人
Yeah, well, she's a useless bitch.她是個酒鬼
She's a drunk.你說什么呢
What are you talking about?看著  她會在窗口把血放下
Watch, she'll drop off the blood at the window,繞到后面放錢包的柜子
circle back to the cabinet where they keep their purses然后背對別人
and then she'll turn her喝點東西
back and she'll take a slug of something.然后關掉柜子  往嘴里扔塊口香糖
Then close it up and pop a piece of gum into her mouth.定時定點  每隔20分鐘左右
She's like clockwork, every 20 minutes or so.我操  你一直在踩點啊
Shit! You've been casing the joint.我們有的是時間  你又沒那么有趣
We got time here. You're not that interesting.好吧  如果你要打劫
Okay, okay. So if you were gonna pull off a heist,就此時此地  你會怎么做
like, in this room, right now, how would you do it?我死前最后一次打劫嗎  這又不是電影  孩子
One last heist before I go? This isn't the movies, kid.別這樣吧  遷就我下  我也得了癌癥呢
No, come on, humor me. I have cancer.目標是誰  聰明鬼
Who's the mark, smartass?女酒鬼  偷她的錢包吧
Drunky bitch. Yeah, let's steal her wallet.行  我奉陪
Okay, fine. I'll play.我們今天走運  來的獄警是福特
We're lucky today. I got CO Ford.他每小時會走開去看看司機怎么樣
He actually gets off his ass to check the driver once an hour.用時五分鐘  然后會去上個廁所
Takes five minutes. Then he takes a bathroom break.那就是兩分鐘
So two minutes.不錯啊
Good.然后他會買杯咖啡  最多四分鐘
Then he takes a coffee, that's another four, tops.前臺是個抽煙的
And the receptionist is a smoker.她每三小時準點去摸魚
She takes a break every three hours, on the dot.那我怎么知道哪個錢包是女酒鬼的
So how do I know which purse is Drunky's?跟酒瓶放一塊兒的
Feel for the one with the flask.抽煙的那個上一次摸魚是1小時15分鐘之前
Smokey's last break was onehourfifteen ago.那怎么辦  我們就等著嗎
So what, do we just... We just wait?我們等著
We wait.你從斯坦韋路走會快一點
It'd be faster if you go down Steinway.但那里有建筑
Except there's construction.安迪  你得想辦法繞過去  行嗎
Andy, you gotta find a way around it, okay?沒問題
No problem.你倆能消停點嗎  這可是公事
Will you two stop? Hey, this is work.那就做事啊  傻逼  我搞得定
Work now, assplay later. I got it.好了  聽著
Okay, listen.銀行里有三個出納  一個保安
We're looking at three tellers and one guard.保安我來對付  唐  你去拿錢
I'll cover the guard. Don, you do the cash. Okay?我們得在中午前搞定
And we gotta do this before noon,因為今天是周五  中餐后他們會加派人手
because it's Friday and they add extra people in after lunch.你能應付保安嗎
Can you handle the guard?這個傻逼
This fucking guy.我能應付貝賽德銀行的那個保安嗎
Could I handle the guard in Bayside?第一國家銀行的那兩個
The two in First National?在康美銀行嚇尿的可不是我  對吧  唐
Wasn't me who freaked out at Commerce Bank, was it, Don?好了
Okay.準備好出發了嗎
We ready to roll?走了
I'm off.等下  還有一件事
Hold up. One more thing.事前一吻  事后一吻你們每次都要這樣嗎
Oh, you gotta do this every time?這是好運
It's good luck.靠邊停  在這里停  就是那輛車
Pull over. Pull over here. There's the car.安迪  你干什么  我們得換車  快啊
Andy, what are you doing? We gotta do the switch! Let's go.等一下
I need a minute.沒時間等了  快點  沒時間休息
Papi, we don't got minutes. Come on, there's no time to rest.羅莎
Rosa!他好像心臟病發了
I think he's having a heart attack.快走
Let's go.心臟病發求你  別這樣  親愛的
Please, don't do this, Papi. Please, okay?我們還要去看尼亞加拉大瀑布呢
We gotta see Niagara Falls, okay?我們還要看山貓隊的比賽呢  求你了  親愛的
We got tickets to Cats. Please, Papi. Please.天哪  別再發生了  別又來一次
Oh, my God! This can't be happening again. Not again.找鑰匙  我來開車我是卡蘿爾·查普曼
Hello, you've reached Carol Chapman.請留下姓名  電話號
Please leave your name, number,以及簡短的留言  我會...
and an ever so brief message and I'll...天哪  人都上哪去了
Oh, my God, where are they?一個囚犯只能打一通電話  有人排隊的
One call per inmate. There's a line.這都算不上是電話
That wasn't even a call.掛上電話  重新排隊
You hung up. Get back in line.我得給休假做些安排
I need to make arrangements for my furlough.行吧
Fine.維特利納太干了  綠維特利納是甜葡萄酒
Sure, it's dry for a Veltliner. Grune Veltliner is a sweet wine.我說了他不喜歡甜白酒
I told you he doesn't like sweet whites.所以你才沒拿到合同
That's why you didn't get the contract.而她簡直是在講小說
Meanwhile, she's dictating a novel.你  查普曼
You, Chapman...那是口紅嗎
that lip gloss?不不  我天生的唇色
No, no, no, no. These are just my lips.那睫毛呢
What about the eyelashes?也是天生的  好吧
 I was born with them.  Fine.他不會讓我失望的
He wouldn't have let me down.我操  這應該能點火啊
Shit. It's supposed to light on fire.簡直是我見過的最蠢的事
It's the dumbest fucking thing I've ever seen.你和費歇爾
Hey, am I wrong to assume是不是湊成一對兒了
that you and Fischer have been riding the hobby horse?我可不是八卦王  不過
I don't kiss and tell, but, uh...我上了她
I fucked her.才沒呢
No, you didn't.我抓了她的奶  才沒呢
 I grabbed her boobs.  No, you didn't.真的  真的
 No, I did!  Really?比我厲害
It's farther than I got.吃醋了  完全沒有
 Jealous?  Nah. Not at all.現在我知道她品位很爛了
Now I know she has horrible taste.看到沒
See?我就說吧
Told you.這是什么原理
How does that even work?拜托  你才是電工的頭兒
Come on, you're head of electrical.我知道  不過原理到底是什么
Yeah, I know, but how's that work?盧斯奇
Luschek!囚犯
Inmate!這里最好有12節電池  再數一遍
There better be a dozen batteries there. Count 'em again.一  二  三...
One, two, three...我操  三后面是幾來著  我忘了
Fuck, man, what comes after three? I forgot.你沒在這里抽煙吧
You haven't been smoking out here, have you?為什么說我抽煙
Why do you assume I'm a smoker?因為你在奧斯維戈長大
'Cause you grew up in Oswego.我戒了  把錢都花在威士忌上了
Well, I quit. More money for whiskey.我聞到了煙味
I smell smoke.那是睫毛膏嗎  你怎么會有
Is that mascara? Why do you have mascara?因為小賣部有賣
'Cause they sell it at commissary.好好管管你的人  是
 Keep your people in line.  All right.她的奶子怎么樣
Now, what are those tits like?{\an8}獄警  他們也是人  這是蘇珊·費歇爾這些文章總是把的漫畫腰斬
That article keeps on cutting off my comic.他們都沒腳了
Now they got no feet!她穿了高跟鞋呢  現在我知道豬是指誰了
Oh, she's wearing heels! Now I get who the pig is.你應該再讓她背個錢袋
You should have her holding money bags, too.親愛的弗娜卡
"Dear Flaca,我的室友一直在偷我貨  我該怎么處理
"My bunkie's lifting my shit. How should I handle the situation?"不能說"貨"
You can't say, "Shit."不然怎么說  "賤人"嗎  因為弗娜卡說
Well, can I say, "Bitch"? 'Cause here's what Flaca say,盡量說服賤人別再偷東西
"Try to reason with the bitch to lay off the sticky fingers,但如果她不聽
"But if she doesn't listen,就拖她去個沒人的地方
"You know, drag her to a place where no one can see,給她一頓胖揍
"And bash her head real good."耶穌看到了
Jesus saw that.這些都不能寫
You can't write any of that.你知道管理員需要審核簡報
You know the administration needs to approve all of this.你讓她去小賣部買把牢固的鎖吧
Why don't you tell her to go buy a sturdy lock at the commissary?我就這意思
That's what I'm saying.買把鎖  藏在襪子里  然后放倒那賤人
Buy a lock, stick it in a sock and slock the bitch down.不  我們得完成這個  最晚明天必須完成
No. We have to finish this up. This has to be done by tomorrow.不是周二才截止嗎
I thought we had till Tuesday?我周二不在
I won't be here Tuesday.怎么  你要請事假
Oh, what, you takin' a personal day?不  我拿到休假了
No, I got furlough.真的嗎  不
 For real?  No...慢著  絕對不可能
Wait, no fucking way.真的  我奶奶病了  我申請然后通過了
Yeah. My grandmother's sick. I applied and it went through.我也申請了
I applied, too!我還讓人給典獄長打了電話  根本屁都沒用
I even had people call the warden. That shit never works!是啊  我幾乎都放棄了
I know. I had almost completely given up.現在  我可以去跟她道別
Now... Now I get to go, say goodbye.告訴她我有多愛她
Tell her how much I love her.五分鐘內就道完別
Yo, get that shit out of the way in, like, in five minutes.超快說完你要說的話
You know, say what you gotta say, like, super quick.就說  "安息吧  奶奶
Then be like, "Peace, abuelita!我會在夜店
"I'll be in the club with點杯長島冰茶  使勁扭屁股"
my Long Island and my fatty, making it clap!"她的白屁股可扭不起來
No way that white ass is gonna clap.姑娘們會嫉妒你的
Girls are gonna be pissed at you.我現在就有點想揍你  我也是
 I kinda wanna punch you right now.  Me, too.你最好小心點
You better watch your back.你拿到休假了  查普曼  是的
 You got furlough, Chapman?  I did.我在天主教堂待了好多年
I've been in the Catholic Church a lot of years老實說這是我第一次見到上帝的奇跡
and this is my first honesttogoodness miracle.好好利用這一次
Use it well.我會的
I will.我會去找我奶奶
I'm gonna go and be with my grandmother問她所有我沒來得及問的問題
and ask her all the questions I never got to ask.這是什么
What is that?冰沙  甘藍菜  棗子和杏仁乳
Smoothie. Kale and dates and, uh, almond milk.你抽煙嗎  不抽  但我有時會嚼煙草
 You smoke?  No, but I chew tobacco sometimes.嚼煙草就白喝甘藍菜了  不是嗎
Chewing tobacco defeats the purpose of drinking kale, doesn't it?我會想也許它們互相抵消
Well, I like to think that they cancel each other out, maybe.你有什么事嗎  還是...
Um, can I help you with something? Or...禁運品
Contraband.我覺得自己簡直在玩"打鼴鼠"的游戲
I feel like I'm playing whackamole here.我在一處砸中了它  它又在另一處跑出來了
I beat it down in one place and it pops up in another.你看到什么的話記得告訴我
You need to tell me if you see anything.好的
Yeah, of course. Yeah.想都別想保護誰
Don't you dare try to protect anyone.我知道這很難  你在這里交到了朋友
I know it's hard. I know you make friends in this place.不  我沒有...  你有  時有發生
 No, I, I don't... I don't...  You do. It happens.有時你都沒意識到
Sometimes you don't even realize it's happening, and,突然之間  就發現自己相信別人了
all of a sudden, you find yourself trusting somebody.你問別人意見
You're asking somebody advice...那個人可不是你的朋友  那個人...
That person is not your friend. That person...怎么了
What?我操
Fuck.我了個大草
The fuck! Fuck! Fuck!看看我  我還在這兒呢
Oh, hey, look at me, I'm still here.我只是盡本分  莫里洛
I'm just doing my job, Morello.費歇爾帶羅莎來時從來不來查崗
Fischer never came to visit when she had Rosa.你知道她會做什么嗎
You know what she'd do?一天結束  她會給我帶希斯酒吧
She'd bring me a Heath bar and a cold Dr.和冷的胡椒博士
Pepper at the end of the day.是不是超體貼
Isn't that thoughtful?也許你來查崗時也可以這么做
Maybe you could do that when you come to check on me.下一小時再見  莫里洛  好吧
 I'll see you in an hour, Morello.  Okay, fine, fine.也許你可以就給我
Maybe you could just bring帶個空瓶子來好讓我撒尿
me an empty bottle that I could pee into.我不能離開這車  對吧
I can't leave the van, right?你可以下車到后面蹲坑
Oh, you can get out and take a squat in the back然后再上車
and then get back in.太好了  謝謝  太感謝你了
Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you so much.我要去廁所了
Uh, well, I'm going off to the bathroom.真是個蠢貨護士小姐  能來一下嗎
Nurse? Nurse? Can you come over here, please?沒什么事吧
Is everything okay?我的閥門好像漏了
I think my port is leaking.沒有啊  沒什么問題
No, looks fine to me.這戒指真漂亮
Oh, what a beautiful ring!有多大  兩克拉嗎
What is that? Two carats?是的
It is.怎么  你還是珠寶賊
What, were you a jewel thief?不  我對珠寶沒什么興趣  不過我喜歡閃閃的
Nah, that was never my main gig, but I like the bling.六千塊  少了
 Six grand?  Warm.七千  八千  八千五
 Seven? Eight?  Eight and a half.我未婚夫是大型連鎖超市的地區經理
My fiance is a regional manager for Foodtown.他省了...  他真厲害
 He had to save up for...  Good for him.我有點渴了  能給我倒杯水嗎
I'm a little thirsty. Can I have some water, please?行
Yeah, sure.假警報
It was a false alarm.我操啊  小屁孩
The fuck, kid?沒想到我會為63塊錢這么激動
I never thought I'd get so excited over $63.才20塊  這是你的分成
 $20?  That's your cut.所有事都是我干的  整個行動是我策劃的
 I did all the work!  I was the brains of the operation.尤瑟夫·米瑞馬迪
Yusef Miremadi.都是她策劃的
She was the brains.你媽媽來了
Your mom is here.醫生要跟你們談談
The doctor needs to speak with you.媽媽的乖寶寶
Mama's boy.我會回來的  這可沒完
I will be back. Okay, but this is not enough.永遠沒完
It's never enough.五萬塊
Fifty grand!還沒到家呢  先別激動
We're not home yet. Cool it.這么認真
Oh, so serious.來吧  事前一吻  現在該事后吻了
Come on, we kissed before. It's time for the after kiss.你知道我不會這么做的
You know I won't do that.別  這會帶來霉運
No. It's bad luck.別鬧了  我們還要再開一段路
Cut it out. We gotta drive more!就在這里停車
Pull over right here.你因為搶劫而性致高昂  行
You're all hot from the job? Fine.你干什么
What are you doing?我不想操  我想搶銀行
I don't wanna fuck now. I wanna rob that bank.我們才剛搶過  再搶一家
 We just did one.  Let's do one more!我們對這家銀行一無所知  好嗎
We don't know nothing about that bank. Okay?我們不知道誰在工作  警報器在哪
We don't know who's working, where the alarms are. All right?簡直瘋了  我不干
This is crazy. I'm not doing it.我不需要你
Well, I don't need you.你需要我的  羅莎
Yes, you do need me, Rosa.你干什么
What are you doing?看看你  因為拿到休假覺得自己碉堡了
Look at you thinking you're all hot shit 'cause you got furlough.我真該給你剃個短短頭
I ought to give you a skullet.什么是短短頭
What's a skullet?就是光頭只留小辮兒
A mullet with the top shaved.就這樣吧  我家人以為我出去會是彪悍的重罪犯
Well, you might as well. My family is expecting a hardened felon.讓他們滿意一次也好
It would be nice to meet their expectations for once.你在自由世界有48小時  有宏偉計劃了嗎
You got 48 hours in the free world, kid. You got big plans?跟我的家人在一起
Be with my family...看著我奶奶過世
watch my grandmother fade away.別這樣  太浪費了
Oh, come on. That can't be it.你會跟你丈夫一起嗎
You gonna stay with your husband?不  他不是我丈夫
No... Well, he's not my husband.我都不知道我們還是不是朋友
And I don't even know if we're friends anymore.我想到我的家
I mean, when I think of my home,我想到我們一起住的地方
I think of where we lived together,但我不住在那里了
but I don't live there anymore.我都不知道我的東西還在不在那里
I don't even know if my stuff is still there.我的乳液還在不在洗手臺上
I don't even know if my lotions are on the sink,還是他全把我的東西收進袋子里
or if he took them all and he put them in a bag漏得整個都是了
and they're all just leaking all over each other.還是就把我的東西留在原處
Or if he just left them there.他可千萬別改變  或者做出  或者注意任何事
God forbid he should change, or do, or notice anything.我倆現在的關系有點棘手
Things are a little complicated between us right now.你怎么做到的  查普曼
So, how'd you do it, Chapman?你給海利什么"好處"了嗎
Did you give Healy a little reacharound?天哪  才沒有
God, no, no. No!沒有  他們可能真是終于同情我了
No, I think that they might've finally taken pity on me.我將要失去我愛的人
I mean, I'm about to lose somebody that I love.也許  這所監獄還是有點良心的
Maybe, maybe, this prison has a heart after all.放屁吧
Bullshit!我申請了兩次
I applied twice.我丈夫進行開胸手術
When my husband had open heart以及我第一個孫子出生時
surgery and for the birth of my first grandchild.他們讓我滾蛋
They told me to go fuck myself.從沒抱過那孩子  但我真的很想抱
Never held the baby. And I love me some baby holding.我也申請過
I applied, too.沒同意
Nothing.申請干什么
What for?我父親進行了移植肺臟  但排斥了
My father had a lung transplant that didn't take.我變性后咱倆就沒說過話  他真的很拗
We hadn't spoken since I transitioned. He was a real hardass.但最后  他開始找我
But in the end, he started asking for me.他甚至叫我的新名字  索菲婭
He even used my new name, Sophia.人之將死其言也善
People get soft, you know, when they dying.如果我當時見到他了  或許...
If I could've seen him, I don't know...會有種了卻心結的感覺
may have felt like closure.但我們這輩子是沒多少機會了  不是嗎
But we don't get a lot of that in this life now, do we?這是我后悔清單里的一項
Add it to my list of regrets.但是奶奶  也很重要
But grandmothers, they important, too.你干什么
What are you doing?找什么呢
What are you looking for?說話啊
Use your words.在哪
Where is it?什么  香菜  西葫蘆嗎
What? The cilantro, the squash?你是要砸碎每個花盆嗎
Are you gonna smash every pot?必須的
You bet your ass.這次你最后一次騙我了  紅媽
This is the last time, Red, you pull one over on me.行吧  讓我幫你
All right. Let me help you.怎么  咱們現在干的不就是這個嗎
What? Isn't this what we're doing now?不是嗎
Isn't this what we're doing?這兒  最后一盆  你要親手砸碎嗎
Here, this is the last one. You wanna do the honors?不要
No?行了  就這樣
Okay, then. That's that.但愿你覺得有益身心
I hope it was therapeutic for you.我不介意被批評  不是這回事
I don't mind being criticized, it's not that,我只是覺得她要是這么堅持執行規定
I just think that if she's so set on enforcing the rules,也許就不該在囚犯面前
then maybe she shouldn't undermine my authority讓我難堪
in front of the inmates.有些人用暴力管制  有些人則用魅力
Some of us control with muscle, some of us control with charm.咱倆就是靠魅力的
You know, you and me, we're charm.有什么好笑的
Something funny?記過配額指標爛透了
This whole shot quota's a bad idea.對大家都不好受
It's making things harder for everyone.還有一大堆文書工作
And all the friggin' paperwork.我倒是不介意  給了我坐下來的時間
I don't mind the paperwork. Gives me a chance to get off my feet.如果你忙著做文書工作  牢里打起架
But what if you're tied up doing paperwork and a fight breaks out發生暴亂了怎么辦
and it turns into a prison riot?你本可以阻止的  卻沒阻止成
And you could've stopped it, but you didn't,因為你在辦公室做文書工作
because you were in your office doing paperwork?你有沒有做過拯救全人類的英雄夢
You ever have those dreams where you save everybody?有時吧
Sometimes.有一次  我榮獲了國會榮譽勛章
One time, I received the Congressional Medal of Honor.真厲害
Nice.干什么
What?有話快說  有屁快放
You got something to say, out with it.我們認為記過配額指標不合理
We don't think the shot quota's reasonable.對情況沒什么益處
It doesn't improve conditions.會讓囚犯和獄警之間產生懷疑
It creates mistrust between the inmates and the staff.你想讓她們相信你
You'd like them to trust you more?我想讓她們認為
Well, I'd like them to think她們受管束是公正的
that when they're disciplined, it's justified.不然的話  誰還會照章辦事
I mean, otherwise, why follow the rules at all?對我們也是如此
And the same goes for us.我認為我被人吼是不公平的
I don't think it's fair that I was yelled at.我要管理這座監獄
In order for me to run this facility,你們所有人就得聽我指示行事
I need all of you to comply with my directives不管你們認為合不合理
whether you find them "Reasonable" or not.規矩是上面定下來的
The rules come from the top down.但這些規矩
Yeah, but there are rules我們根本就不嚴格執行
that we don't even enforce consistently.卻被責怪...
And then we get blamed...費歇爾  現在不是
Fischer! This is not the適當的時機或地點來向我抱怨
appropriate time or place to air your complaint.卡普托先生  抱歉  我是有話直說
Well, Mr. Caputo, I'm sorry, but I have to speak my mind.你不能專橫地懲罰別人
You can't just punish someone就為了殺雞儆猴...
arbitrarily to make an example of them...你被解雇了
You're fired.什么
What?我警告過你了
I tried to warn you.這個月的薪水會發給你
You'll be paid through the end of the month.還有人強烈渴望直抒胸臆嗎
Does anyone else have the burning desire to speak their mind?很好
Good.白人妞  給我吧  我來就行
Oh, Blanca, Blanca, I got that. I got that. Damelo.去洗攪拌器
Go clean the mixer.那不是瑪麗薩干的嗎拜托  那姑娘被關禁閉回來以后
Please. That girl's as useless as balls on a dildo整個人跟假雞巴一樣廢
since she came back from seg.她才待了多久  三分鐘
And she was there, what? Three minutes?有事嗎
Can I help you?給你帶了禮物
Brought you a gift.我不需要陳年舊煙
I don't need no more staleass tobacco.這算是補償  新貨  我保證
This is to make up for that. This is fresh, I promise.在里面加了點薄荷  變成薄荷醇了
Put some peppermint in it, turned it into a menthol.被獄警抓到了  你就要被記過了
CO catches you back here, you gonna get a shot.你跟紅媽現在關系不錯啊
So, uh, you and, uh... you and Red on friendly terms now?跟你無關
Doesn't concern you.那女人還真知道怎么俘獲人心
Damn, that woman knows how to run a game on people.我可以給你講幾個故事
I could tell you some stories.你聽過
Hey, have you ever heard蝎子和青蛙的寓言嗎
of the fable of the scorpion and the frog?怎么  我他媽是青蛙嗎
What, I'm the fucking frog?你倆狼狽為奸  我知道她在做些勾當
You two in cahoots. I know she's doing business.我猜猜
Let me guess.你有賣家關系  她幫你散貨
You've got a vendor connection and she's handling your sales.我只是來做飯的
I'm just here to cook.紅媽干的事跟我毫無關系
Whatever Red's got going, got nothing to do with me.要合伙人嗎
You want a partner?我保證我比她更好
I promise I'm a much better bet,因為紅媽只想要回她的廚房
because all Red wants is to get her kitchen back.你給我好好聽著
You listen to me.你自以為知道些什么  其實并沒有
Whatever you think you know, you don't.我手不臟  沒破事
I'm keeping my hands clean, my shit polished.我跟供應商或者非法贓物流入都沒關系
I got no connections with vendors or illegal swag coming through.你們這些瘋婆娘我一個都不信
And I don't trust any of you crazy bitches.你倆都他媽是蝎子
You're both fucking scorpions.操  我操我操  媽逼
Shit. Shit, shit, shit. Fuck.整體來看
Hey, listen, in the grand scheme of things,香煙是什么
I mean, what's a cigarette, really?就是卷在紙里的植物
You know, it's a plant and some paper.你想想我可能會干的各種恐怖事件
When you think about all the horrible things I could be doing.隨你抽吧  我無所謂了
Smoke all you want. I don't care anymore.我被炒了
I got fired.真好
Hey, good for you.你不明白
You don't get it.我現在該怎么辦  我沒有一技之長
What am I gonna do now? I'm not good at stuff.你肯定不擅長這行
Well, for sure, you weren't great at this.這可是褒獎你  相信我
But that reflects highly on you, trust me.我有醫保和牙保  還在還我的起亞車貸
I had medical and dental. I was paying off my Kia.你是個好人
You're a decent human being, you know.脫離這個吸食靈魂的破地方
Getting canned from this soulsucking pit是你身上發生的最好的事
is the best thing that ever happened to you.回家去  洗個熱水澡
Go home, take a hot bath,開始找找專科學校
and start looking into technical colleges.或者美容  學習腋窩和敏感區脫毛
Or cosmetology. Learn to wax armpits and vag lips.外面大千世界等著你呢
There's a million things out there for you.我能問你一個問題嗎  問吧
 Can I ask you a question?  Yeah, shoot.前不久  你是在跟我調情嗎
Like, a while back, were you hitting on me?不做夢就要死  對吧
We don't dream, we die, right?我做得怎么樣
So, how'd I do?我想了一下
I thought about it.真的假的
Seriously?騙你的
Not in a thousand years.不過謝了
But thank you.蘇珊  收拾東西離開這里
Susan, pack your shit and get the fuck out of here.你會沒事嗎
Are you gonna be okay?就這樣了
It is what it is.寶貝  你被炒了
Babe, you got fired?真糟
Lame.讓我去看看他
Let me go see him.我們得回去
We need to get back.這是我越獄計劃的一部分
It's all part of my escape plan.他會用眼淚轉移你的注意
He's going to distract you with his tears.等我一下
Just give me a second.簡直是詛咒
It's the fucking curse.我拉你入伙  我沒吻你  但咱倆還是干了一票
I pull you in. I don't kiss you, but still, we did a job.你在說什么呢
What are you talking about?我說過  我生命中的男人全死了
I told you, all the men in my life die.我不是你生命中的男人  好嗎
I'm not a man in your life. Okay?你自己說的  我就是個小屁孩
You said so yourself, I'm a little shitpot.你這么年輕怎么能死
You're too fucking young to die.所以我不會死的
So I'm not gonna die.我不用做化療了  我進入緩解期了
I'm done with chemo. I'm in remission.羅莎  跟你一起很有意思
Listen, Rosa, it's been a lot of fun hanging out.我受益良多
It's been a trip.恭喜
Congratulations.享受監獄
Enjoy prison.享受生活  小屁孩
Enjoy your life, shitpot.我該說什么
So, what should I say?你說對了  我錯了
You was right, I was wrong?應該跟你合伙的  我顯然沒法一個人干
Should've stuck with the band. I'm clearly not a solo artist.但至少你還活著  詛咒沒克死你
But at least you're still alive. The curse never got you.我從沒跟你事后吻過  也許就是這樣救了我
Well, I never did the after kiss. Maybe that's what saved me.我為什么要那么做
Why did I do that?你不想上我
You didn't wanna fuck me.我想啊
Oh, but I did.只是想在更大的錢床上
Just on a bigger bed of money.我真貪婪
Greedy me.我好想那氣味  唐尼
I miss the smell, Donny.我愛現金的氣味
I love the smell of cash, man.那種激情  表演  刺激
The excitement, the performance, the rush.我在這里怎么找刺激啊
What am I gonna do in here for kicks?查普曼一來就受到了
You know, Chapman been getting special treatment特殊照顧
since the minute she got here.她好像是第一個拿到休假的人
Figures she'd be the first to get furlough.我真他媽浪費了
Man, I fucking blew it.我離開了這破地方兩周
I had a solid two weeks out of this joint,但一半時間都在找你這個逼
and I wasted half that time looking for your sorry ass.去死  是你自己破壞了假釋條例
Fuck that. You done found time to violate your probation,又滾回了這里
land your wide butt back up in here.賤人  至少你還見過這圍欄之外的日光
Bitch, at least you seen daylight outside this fence.我申請休假整整六個月
Man, I tried for six months to get furlough.顯然一個死去的黑人老媽
Clearly a dead black mom比不上一個病了的白人老太
ain't no competition for a sick, old white granny.你和你家男人都不在一起了
You and your man aren't even together no more.太浪費
What a waste.要是我出去了  肯定和凱撒操一整天
If I got out, me and Cesar would be fucking all damn day.我和迪艾保會沒日沒夜地操
Diablo and I would go all day and all night.生病的奶奶
Sick abuela.你他媽是怎么想到這個橋段的
The fuck you came up with that one?天哪  查普曼  大家都恨透你了
Christ, Chapman, everybody hates your fucking guts.是嗎  還有什么新消息
Yeah, what else is new?嫉妒與死亡一樣強烈  所羅門之歌
"Jealousy is as fierce as the grave," Song of Solomon.托妮·莫里森的嗎
Toni Morrison?是《圣經》  親愛的
The Bible, sweetie.這里人的爸媽過世了
Man, people's parents fucking go.這里的病人得不到應有的照料
Got sick people in here who can't get proper treatment.查普曼一生順風順水
Chapman ain't got no strife in her life,但那賤人就是有一條康莊大道
but bitch gets the red carpet laid out for her.歧視黑人啊
The new Jim Crow.那賤人可能跪下了
Bitch probably got down on her knees.含好了海利那粉粉的雞巴
Took a mouthful of that pink Healy dick.是啊  我是白人
Yes, I am white!大家都知道
We have established that.我也拿到了休假
And I got furlough, too.看來白人特權又贏了
I guess white privilege wins again.作為整個白種人的發言人
And as a speaker for the entire white race,我想說很遺憾你們受到了不公平待遇
I would like to say I am sorry that you guys got the raw deal,但我他媽愛我奶奶
but I love my fucking grandmother.是啊  她也有些白
And, yeah... yeah, she may be a whitey, too...但她是個人
but she's a fucking person...她病了
and she's sick...她需要我
and she needs me!都他媽給老娘閉上嘴
So shut the fuck up!跟我沒關系
It's not my problem.你和小維有矛盾  別扯上我
You and Vee got beef, don't drag me into your shit.我以為波多黎各人討厭黑人呢
I thought Puerto Ricans hated black people.我們也不喜歡俄羅斯人
We don't like Russians neither.她是個惡霸  你倆都是
 She's a bully.  You're both fucking bullies而我不信你們任何人
and I don't trust neither one of you.我說了會幫你  我也幫了
Now I said that I will help you and I did.但我不會卷入什么
But I am not gonna get caught up黑白種人大混戰之中的
in the middle of some whitey versus blackie war.你們都有黑歷史  我可不想跟你們有關系
Y'all got history, I want nothing to do with that.我會盡快弄出去的
I'll get it out as soon as I can.給你三天
You've got tres dias.英文說就是"三天"
That's "Three days" In English.是  夫人
Se, senora.不過你就只能做到這份上嗎
In the meantime, is that really the best that you can do?什么
What?我救了你一命  賤人
I saved your ass, bitch.你的東西  安全得很
Here's your shit, all safe and sound.你想讓卡普托去你的溫室大鬧一場嗎
You want Caputo playing hot and cold in your greenhouse?咱們現在就能去
'Cause we can go right你那小小的種植系統
back to your little planter system right now.行吧  算我謝你了
Okay, okay. I appreciate the gesture.給我點時間等風頭過去
Give me a little time for things to cool down.你要的東西來了
I've got your order coming.交易還繼續
Deal's still on.咱倆沒事吧  沒事
We're good, you and me, huh? We're good.海利先生  我不能休假  我想退掉
Mr. Healy, I can't take my furlough. I wanna give it back.這兒有人比我更需要
There are people here who are way more needy.這兒有人的父母生病了
There are people here whose parents are sick.孩子們...  天哪  你什么毛病
 Children...  For Christ's sake, what is with you?我都不明白你這次為什么要幫我
Look, I don't even understand why you did this for me.你討厭我  大家都不明白
You hate me! Nobody gets this!查普曼  我早上
Chapman, I spent my morning跟一位老太說她有末期癌癥
telling an old lady that she has terminal cancer還有懲教署不會報銷她手術費用的
and that the DOC won't cover her surgery.她說我沒用
And she said I was useless.你知道嗎  她說得對
And you know what? She was right.我開始這份工作時  充滿了理想
When I started this job, I was very idealistic.我想做出些改變
I was gonna make a difference.但我就是個弄文書的  我填表
But I'm a paper pusher. I fill out forms.我做的大部分事就是保持你們安全整潔
Most of what I do is, I keep you safe and clean.偶爾  就那么偶爾一次
And occasionally, once in a blue moon,我會有個機會把表格申請上去
I get an opportunity to give one of those forms an extra nudge.多數人會感激  我很感激
 Most people would be grateful.  I was.真的
I am!但現在我變成了眾矢之的
Until it turned me into a target!不能退回休假
There's no taking back furlough.你的車準備好以后
When your ride is ready,你就能上車去看你生病的奶奶了
you be in that car on your way to see your sick grandmother.姑娘們會竊竊私語  羨慕嫉妒
And girls will talk and they'll get jealous,是的  她們甚至
and, yes, it's possible可能會在你睡著時弄死你
they may even try to slock you in your sleep,不過別理她們
but ignore them.查普曼  人都有一死  錯過了就來不及了
Chapman, people die, and you don't get that moment back.你得去見她  告訴她你有多愛她
So you go and see her and you tell her how much you love her以及你多懊悔讓她失望了
and you tell her how sorry you are for letting her down.得做到問心無愧
You clear your conscience.重點是向她告別
This is about saying goodbye.我給你這個機會  好好把握
I'm giving you that. Take it.好吧  我會的
Okay, I will.你這輔導員還不算太糟嘛
That wasn't bad. Your counseling.你做得很好
You did a good job.早安
Morning.我給你帶了些盆栽
I brought you some plants.看到它們現在在小盆里了嗎
They're in smaller pots, you see?你要把它們種在這里面
You're gonna grow 'em in here?不  是你來種
No, these are for you.我才不把它們種這里面  我沒時間
Uh, I'm not gonna grow in here. I don't have the time.我會找新的休閑方式
I'll find some other way to relax.一定要讓紅媽收到  行嗎
Make sure Red gets those, okay?如果你能有出獄一天的機會  你會想怎么使用
If you had one day on the outside, how would you spend it?去我以前的市場  吃俄羅斯小餡餅
Oh... go to my market, taste the pirozhkis,確保達米特里有繼續在好好做
make sure Dimitri hasn't let it all go to shit.吃什么  俄羅斯小什么
The what? The piroso... Pirosis?小餡餅
Pirozhkis.含餡的餅  跟肉餅很像
Stuffed buns, like a meat pie.我以前做這個很出名
I was famous for them.周日的時候店門外會大排長龍呢
On Sunday there'd be a line out the door.是我一周中最喜歡的日子
It was my favorite day.我能想象到顧客們跟家人嬉笑怒罵
I'd imagine the families laughing, talking, fighting,一邊吃著我的小餡餅
all while enjoying my pirozhkis.店在皇后區  坐地鐵N號線很快能到
It's in Queens, a quick ride on the N train.你會去嗎
Will you go?去你的店嗎
To your place?我要不是擔心  我也不會問
I wouldn't ask if I wasn't worried.我希望有人能去幫我看看
I need someone to check it out,點個三明治  看看店里
order a sandwich, take a look...告訴我現在店里情況怎么樣
let me know how it's running.你不能叫你兒子們看嗎
Can't you ask your sons?我覺得他們沒跟我說實話
I don't think they're being honest with me.我知道你家里有事
I know you have family business.如果不是很重要  我也不會麻煩你
I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important.我不確定...
I'm not sure if...我得去醫院
I need to be at the hospital.知道
Of course.我不知道我有沒有空
I don't know if I'll have time.但我有空會去看看的
I'll go if I can.你有空再去就行了
Only if you have time.怎么說來著  小仙冰
How do you say that? Pirosees?小餡餅  小餡餅
 Pirozhkis.  Pirozhkis.美味一絕
The best.這里是怎么回事
Hell, what's with the back up?拉丁妞們頭發太多了
Latin girls have a lot of hair.你們這樣是不對的
This is not right.你們不能逼我洗澡  我又沒有傷害到別人
You cannot force me to shower. I'm not hurting anybody.我的鼻子不同意  而且收到四次投訴了
My nose would disagree, and four complaints have been filed.規定里寫著得定期洗澡
It's in the rules. You shower regularly.這定期是誰定的
Who determines what's regular?天哪  去C區吧
Christ. Let's go to C Block.不要  我拒絕
No, I refuse.我現在是被動反抗
I am demonstrating passive resistance.我們是主動出擊
We are demonstrating aggressive aggression.寶佳康蒂[《風中奇緣》女主]  走吧
Let's go, Pocahontas.脫衣服  蘇蘇  不要
 Off with it, Soso.  No!賤人  你最好趕緊洗完
You better wash fast, bitch.因為馬上就會涌出屎了
Because a shit storm coming up out of there any second now.科杰克
Hey, hey, hey, Kojak.昨天怎么樣了  有看到你的朋友嗎
How'd it go yesterday? Did you see your little friend?他在緩解期
He's in remission.這是好事  對吧
That's wonderful, right?對他來說是好事
Wonderful for him.別這樣  很快你也會沒事的
Come on. Soon you'll be gettin' your clean bill of health.不  我很快就要死了
No, soon I'm gonna be dead.我一直以為自己會是在一片火光
I always pictured myself going out in a blaze of glory.槍聲四起  汽車爆沖的情景下離開
Hail of gunfire, screech of tires.但這種死法
But this kind of death...緩慢又看不見地
this slow, invisible...讓我的生命慢慢流逝
disappearing into nothing...太可怕了
It's terrifying.我要繼續睡覺了
I'm gonna go back to sleep now.這化療讓我精疲力盡
The chemo, it wipes me out.你睡吧
Yeah. You do that.喂
Hello?媽  天哪  昨天我一直
Mom! God, I've been trying想聯系你們呢
to get in touch with you guys for the past day.我被準假了
My furlough went through!帕波
Piper?我需要爸爸的車牌號  或者卡爾的
So, I need Daddy's license plate number or Cal's.誰會來  還要一套換洗衣物
Who's coming? And, uh, a change of clothes.帕波  換洗衣物
 Piper?  A change of clothes.叫萊瑞把藍色毛衣拿來  好像在波麗家
Um, tell Larry the blue sweater. I think it's at Polly's.奶奶走了
Grandmother's gone.她昨晚去世了
She passed last night.但我要出去了
But I'm getting out.親愛的
Honey?我錯過了
I missed it.我錯過了
I missed it.你的精神與她同在
You were there in spirit.帕波
Piper?什么事  喬
Yes, Joe?我昨天炒了費歇爾
I terminated Fischer yesterday.她要拿到這個月的薪水
She needs to get paid through the end of the month.你一定覺得很難受
That must've been hard for you.別說了  我們本來就人手不足  她有可取之處
Please don't start. We're already understaffed. She had value.你一定是這么認為的
I suppose you must've thought so.我們不會被告性騷擾吧
We're not gonna get stuck with a sexual harassment suit, are we?很好  至于人手問題
Good. As for the staffing issue,我明白找到高質量人員不容易
I understand it's hard to find quality people.在這個環境當中
It takes a certain kind of je需要難以明說的品質增強效率
ne sais quoi to be effective in this environment."難以明說的品質"不會總是工作18小時的
"Je ne sais quoi" Doesn't always work for 18 an hour.我聘用我能找到的最佳人選
I hire the best people I can find.我知道你事情多
I know, and you're overwhelmed.但我們需要更多人手  我會幫你找的
But we need some more muscle in here. I'm gonna help you out.我自己來就行  謝了
I'll do my own hiring. Thank you.已經幫你搞定了
It's already been taken care of.