這是本仇恨的書 用來報復每個外強中乾的
It's a book of hate, to wreak revenge on every pompous爬上卡特韋夫人門檻的小爬蟲
trembling worm who taps at Mrs Castaway's door.你是...?      蘇糖就是我的姓名
And you are?        Sugar is all there is to my name.就算會被折磨死 我也要治好病
I am going to get well. Even if it kills me.人生得一知己 一世難求啊
Kindred spirits like yourself are difficult to find.我對蘇糖的專屬佔有權
Exclusive patronage of Sugar by me.我願意
I am willing.你的人生從今以後就不同了
Your life is going to be very different from now on.我不是瘋女人
I am not a mad woman!我預料她很快就會崩潰
I expect a full collapse very shortly.我的上帝 威廉·拉克漢 你得對我更好點了
My God, William Rackham. You'll keep me better than you do now!我的天使
My angel...終於來了
..come at last.<font color="#4096d1">紅玫瑰白玫瑰 第二集</font><font color="#4096d1">
==破爛熊樂園傾情奉獻==
本字幕僅供學習交流，嚴禁用於商業用途</font>他睡得正甜
He sleeps so sweetly,就像個孩子 自以爲安全
like a child, imagining that he is safe.<font color=#4096d1>=破爛熊字幕組=
翻譯：tpring LOVEKEICO
校對：tpring
時間軸：馬老師的學生眞可憐
正體中文轉製及校對：Uriel
</font>可我也有我的夢
But I have my dreams also.夢想着報復每一個奪走我純眞的男人
Dreams of revenge against the men who took my innocence.(本片含有部分粗口)
This programme contains some strong language(以及性場面)
and scenes of a sexual nature.你知道嗎 我好多年
You know, it's been years沒在一個女人身邊過一整夜了
since I've slept beside a woman all night.我得起了 還得回家看看
But I must get up. I have to look in at home.你肩上的擔子可眞重
You have so many responsibilities.對了 信函照我們討論的改了嗎?
Oh, did you make those changes we discussed to the letter?該死的黃麻商人
Damn jute merchants.又不敢惹他們翻臉      都改好了
Can't afford to fall out with them.        All done.這是什麼臭味?
What is that terrible smell?現在我的鼻子可靈敏了
My nose is very sensitive at the moment.如果連德爾斐熏衣草
If it can distinguish between Lavandula delphinensis和寬葉熏衣草都能區分 那當然也能聞出
and Lavandula latifolia then it can certainly detect...是狗屎
Uh! Dog's mess.哦 威廉 眞對不起
Oh, William, I'm sorry.聖基爾斯這裏髒亂不堪
St Giles is filthy.我們能有別的地方相會就好了
I do wish there was somewhere else we could meet.我眞不願意把你拖到這個瘟疫窩來
I hate dragging you to this plague pit.眞的 有時我覺得要是
You know, I sometimes think it would be a miracle我25歳還沒染上霍亂就是奇蹟了
if I'm not carried off by the cholera by the time I'm 25!別説了
Don't say that!得了 只不過是萍水之交的女人 然後呢
Really, one forms the slightest attachment to a woman, then...信給我
The letter.威廉 對不起 我是開玩笑的
William, forgive me, I was joking.還是別開的好
Well, I wish you wouldn't.天啊 拉克曼太太 您可眞忙活
Goodness, Mrs Rackham. You have been busy.你知道這些是什麼嗎 克拉拉?
Do you know what this is, Clara?請柬?
invitations?這是諒解
It's forgiveness.社會對我敞開大門了
Society opening its doors.我也要參加社交季了
I am to be included in the Season.布利德樓夫人都發來了 你看
Even Lady Bridgelow, see?安菲特太太還請我下週去用茶
And Mrs Amphlett has invited me to tea next week.世界要變了 克拉拉
A great change is in the air, Clara!一切都會好起來的
Everything is going to be all right!福克斯太太      亨利
Mrs Fox.        Henry.希望我沒打攪到您
I hope I do not inconvenience you.説哪裏話 請原諒這麼亂
Not in the least. Forgive all this,我家被救濟社當成倉庫了
I've become the Rescue Society's unofficial warehouse.哦 抱歉
Oh, excuse me.這就是你今天沒看見我去教堂的原因
This is why you did not see me at church today.恕我冒昧 你的女傭在哪?
Forgive me, where is your maid?我週末讓她放假回家 照顧她祖父去了
I let her go home on the weekends to care for her grandfather.這麼説 家裏就你和我
So, we are alone in the house?這樣...合適嗎?
Is that...quite decent?恐怕可可對我刺激非常大
I'm afraid I find cocoa terrifically stimulating.我們太容易受誘惑了
We are so easily seduced.是嗎?
Are we?就在上週 我回家途中
Just last week, I was on my way home剛拜訪完一個非常悽慘的家庭
from visiting a particularly wretched family.我又疲憊 又沮喪 連路也懶得走了
I was tired, discouraged, and I didn't want to walk.恍惚之間
And before I knew what I was doing,我就進了地下鐵道 在大地中飛速穿行
I was in the underground railway, speeding through the earth,滿心只想着自己的愉悅
mindless of anything except my own pleasure.這一切只要一枚六便士
And all at the cost of a sixpence.天啊
Goodness.我沈醉其間 甚至坐過了站
I enjoyed it so much, I missed my stop.世界會這麼毀了的 亨利
This is how the world will end, Henry.基督之敵就是我們的慾望
The Antichrist is our own desires.你起得眞早
You are the early bird.我要出門辦點事
I have some errands to run.好吧 反正你閒得很
Well, you've time on your hands.亨特先生好久沒來了 對吧?
We haven't seen much of Mr Hunt lately, have we?多久了 一個星期?
What is it? A week now?亨特先生很忙
Mr Hunt is a busy man.看來是這樣
Oh, so it seems.不過忙些什麼 我就搞不清了
Although with what exactly, I'm never certain.等他下次來 你問問他啊
Well, you can ask him, next time he comes.分手的時候別吃虧就行 記住了?
Just so long as you parted from him on good terms, hmm?還照老辦法
As always.不過我們怕什麼?
But what do we care?我知道爐邊客棧的人可想你了
I know you're much missed at the Fireside.還記得你小時候 我們玩的那個遊戲嗎?
Do you remember the game we used to play when you were a baby?在最寒冷的冬夜
On the coldest winter nights,我溜進你房間 你睡得正熟
I'd creep in to your room while you were sleeping,緊緊裹着毯子 我就...
all cuddled up in your blanket, and I'd...把它掀掉
pull it off!你記得嗎?
Do you remember?我就把它掀掉
I'd pull it off然後説
and I'd say,「上帝就愛這麼做!」
"That's what God does!"上帝就愛這麼做
That's what God does.早安
Morning.早安
Morning.刀尖抵上了柔軟的皮肉 我卻猶豫起來
'The dagger tip touched tender flesh and yet I hesitated.他不是所有男人中最壞的一個嗎?
'Was not this man worse than all the rest?他不是背叛了我的信任
'Had he not abused my trust把我扔回汙穢之中了嗎?
and cast me back into the pit of filth?可我還是挿不下去
'Yet I could not thrust it home.我收起我忠實的匕首
'I put away my trusty blade,取來毒藥和最柔軟的布
fetched poison and the softest cloth.'做個好夢 我的愛人
Sweet dreams, my love.拉克漢太太 你的祕方是什麼?
Mrs Rackham, what is your secret?我的祕方?      新的蒸氣浴療法嗎?
My secret?        Some new spa, perhaps?你氣色簡直太好了
You're looking most terribly well.哦 沒有 沒有 安菲特太太
Oh, no, no, no, Mrs Amphlett.我正在想 你的樣子
Well, I was just thinking that you look也比上次見面改善了很多呢
quite remarkably different from the last time I saw you.這麼瘦 我都認不出你了
So thin! I hardly recognised you.承蒙誇獎      哪裏呀 我都嫉妒了
You are very kind.        Not at all, I'm envious.我遵守嚴格而簡單的養生食譜
I swear by a strict but simple regime of只有清水和青豆
water and green beans,如果頭暈 再加一口牛尾湯
and if I am feeling dizzy, a mouthful of oxtail soup.不過湯必須非常剋制
But the soup must be very well strained.我得記住 不 我得抄下來
I shall remember. No, I shall write this down.我得提醒你 一開始
I should caution you that at first你可能感到頭痛 虛弱
you may experience debilitating headaches.我已經飽受頭痛折磨了
I am already a martyr to headaches!我們一邊談話 我就一邊感到可怕的抽痛
As we speak, I'm prey to a terrible throbbing.其實你不必這樣受苦
But there is no need for you to suffer as you do.瞧這個...
Here, look...不舒服時 我就吃上兩片...
On bad days, I take a couple of these...加一劑高弗雷鎭靜劑 (常用藥 主料爲鴉片)
..with a dose of Godfrey's Cordial.找你的藥劑師要
Ask your pharmacist.醫生知道了會對你長篇大論...
Your doctor would give you a lecture on them...可是相信我
but trust me 你會連自己都不認得的
you will hardly know yourself.這樣可眞愜意
Well, this is pleasant.一起用餐
A meal together.你提議我們一起用餐的
You suggested we have a meal together.對 是我提的
Yes, I did.祝你好胃口
Bon apetit.什麼 親愛的?      是青豆
What is it, dear?         Green beans.不 你剛剛在微笑
No, you were just smiling.哦 威廉...
Well, William...其實是因爲...
..the fact is...我有個守護天使
..I have a guardian angel.你是説克拉拉?
Are you referring to Clara?不 一個眞正的守護天使
No, a real guardian angel.她守望着我們
She watches over us.我時時刻刻都感到她在身邊
I feel her about me all the time.我覺得她是從健康修院來的
I think she's from the Convent of Health,就是我睡着了會去的那個地方
you know, the place I go when I'm asleep.我沒發現你出去啊 親愛的
I wasn't aware you were going anywhere, dear,你睡得好好的
when you were sleeping.那裏的修女都是眞正的天使
The nuns there are really angels.我很久前就在懷疑了
I suspected that for a long time.好在現在有證據了
But what a relief to have proof!證據?
Proof?對 我朝她揮手 她也朝我揮手
Yeah, I waved to her and she waved back.你不餓嗎?
Are you not hungry?他來了
He's here!快去叫他上來啊
Well, go on, send him up.他要你下去
He wants you to come down.他在跟卡特韋説話
He's talking to Castaway.蘇糖
Sugar.恐怕亨特先生受夠我們的房子了
I'm afraid to say, Mr Hunt has had enough of our house.我太遺憾了 亨特先生
I'm sorry to hear that, Mr Hunt.看來亨特先生對你另有安排
It seems Mr Hunt has other plans for you.我一直在想你
I have missed your company.離開你我也很難受
It's been difficult getting away.艾格尼絲開始産生幻覺了
Agnes is seeing things.幻覺?
Seeing things?在街上看見天使
Angels in the street.還有誰在?
Who else is here?這是什麼?
What is this?這是你的
This is yours.也是我的
And mine.我再也不能忍受你住在
I couldn't bear the thought of you living in that那個汙穢的貧民窟了
filthy part of town any longer.銀行會寄給你生活費
The bank will send you an allowance.這是第一筆
First payment is here.你完全獨立了
You will be independent.説句話啊      哦 上帝
Say something!        Oh, dear God!想你的鏡子了嗎?
Will you miss your looking glass?我還看自己做什麼 不是有你看着我了嗎?
Why do I need to look at myself when I have you to look at me?我吩咐了卡特韋夫人 你房裏的東西都別動
I've instructed Mrs Castaway that nothing in your room be touched等你去取
until you remove it.我離開她傷心了嗎?
Did she seem sorry to see me go?一點都沒有
Not in the least!那老錢婆纔不會放過一筆好交易呢
The old trout knows a good deal when she sees one.不過你不用再管她了
But you need not worry about her any more,也不用管從前的人了
nor anyone from your past.你有了新的人生
You have a new life,在這裏 和我一起
here with me.你的書全都拿走啦?
Taken all your books, I see?別忘了那個盆
Don't forget your bowl.不錯的盆呢      我不需要了
Good bowl, that.        Well, I won't need it.新家有個浴缸
There's a bath at the new place.你的牀單誰洗呢?
Who'll take care of your sheets?我自己洗唄
I will, I suppose.那我可少了一件活了
That's me out of a job then.告訴你 我覺得 克里斯托弗...
You know, I was thinking, Christopher, that...我可以偶爾回來 和你一起唸書
I could come back sometimes and you and I could read together.我會回來找你的
I will come back for you.你要離開我們啦
You're leaving us then.過了這麼多年
After all these years.老天知道 當年爲了擺脱你我費了多大勁
Lord knows I tried hard enough to be rid of you once.什麼毒藥沒往身上招呼過
No brew so toxic I didn't inflict it upon myself,多燙的洗澡水沒泡過
no bath so scalding I didn't immerse myself in it.你就是死不了
You were indestructible!希望我將來還這樣吧
Let's hope I remain so.十九年前 我們開始一起生活
19 years since we embarked on this life together.六年前 你輕輕走到我房間裏説
Six since you tiptoed to my room and told me有位先生給我取暖來了
there was a gentleman come to keep me warm.母親 那我...
Well...Mother, I...當然 親愛的
Of course, dear.不耽誤你了
Nothing to hold you here.和亨特先生過好日子去吧
Onward and upward with Mr Hunt!(英格蘭銀行)
Bank of England(拉克曼香水公司  目錄)
Rackhams' Perfumery Co恐怕我們要分開一陣了
I'm afraid I won't see you for a while.我得在丹地待到週四
I'm in Dundee until Thursday,週五我約了波德利和阿什韋
and then I've Bodley and Ashwell on the Friday.我會盡早擺脱他們回來
I will get away from them as early as I can.你會在這裏等我嗎?
You'll be here?我還能去哪呢?
Where else?你相信嗎 艾格尼絲那天晚上也要出門
Believe it or not, Agnes is also out that night!布利德樓夫人要帶她去皇家阿爾伯特劇院
Lady Bridgelow is taking her to the Royal Albert Hall.哎呀 那可是大進歩啊
Goodness, that's a step forward.嗯
Yeah.她覺得歩子太大了 可我説服了她
Too big a step, she thought, but I persuaded her.威爾第的新劇
The new Verdi.多虧契斯曼
Thank goodness for Cheesman.至少我知道她能平安到達 平安回來
At least I know she'll get there and back in one piece.我跟你説過新馬車伕吧?
II told you of this new coachman?我幫你看的他的推薦信
I checked his references for you.當然了
Of course you did.她眞了不起 想想她受了那麼多委屈
She's been marvellous really, considering how she has suffered.也許艾格尼絲比你想的要堅強
Well, perhaps Agnes is stronger than you imagine.我是説布利德樓夫人
I mean Lady Bridgelow.她不盲從大多數
She knows better than most the,社會渣滓的殘酷偏見
the cruelty of petty social stigma.別低估你自己的魅力 威廉
Don't underestimate your own allure, William.她是位現代貴族 不害怕結交
She is a modern aristocrat, not afraid to associate herself生意人的親屬
with those who have dealings with people in trade.我佩服她這一點
I admire her for that.錢還夠嗎?
Do you have enough money?足夠了
Plenty.去華威吃點好的 點他們的鯛魚
Make sure you eat properly go to the Warwick, order the bream.「我是個有家室的體面人啊」
"But I am a respectable family man,"他喊着 我用利刃劃破他的襯衫
he cried as I cut through his shirt with my razorsharp shears.(香氛調配)
Composing Perfumes打發點吧 小姐 打發點吧?
Spare a coin. Miss, spare a coin?我只是回來拿藥粉的 順便來看看你
I just came to pick up my powders, I thought I'd call in.哦 你眞好
Oh, that's nice.在瑪麗勒本弄不到藥粉?
Can't get your powders in Marylebone then?我敢説肯定有
Well, I daresay I could,可我不知去哪找...該問誰
but I don't know where or...or who to ask.在那邊沒有朋友?
Got no friends up there?沒有那種朋友
Not that kind.這麼説他對你還不錯?
He's fair to you, then, is he?衣服不代表什麼 蘇糖
Clothes don't mean nothing, Sugar.他可能用壁爐釬子打你 逼你舔鞋什麼的
Might beat you with a poker or make you lick his shoes for all that.不 他不是那種人
No, he's not like that.那眞是有福氣
Well, what mighty good luck.你有沒有...喜歡上他?
Are you, you know, fond of him?我習慣了他
Well, I'm used to him.他不在的時候 比如現在...
And when he's away, like now...你想他嗎?      我不想他本人
Do you miss him?        I don't miss HIM.我想念他帶來的世界
I miss the world that comes with him.我也參與他的生意
I'm involved with his business.莫名地讓人滿意
It's oddly satisfying.你還有時間寫書嗎?
You still got time for your book?沒我想象的多
Not as much as I'd hoped.也許比平常還少了?
Perhaps got less to avenge now?不 那倒沒有
No, I don't think that.完全沒有
Not at all.心軟了沒什麼不好 蘇糖
No harm in getting soft, Sugar.我們都會的 只要有一點點機會
We all would, given half a chance.酒鬼 喝呀
Rackers, buck up!你看樣子更想大吃一頓
You look as though you'd rather be tucked up.我凌晨四點纔從丹地回來
I got back from Dundee at four this morning!弗拉泰里的歌聲會給你提神的
Flatelli will soon put the wind in your sails.一會我們有計劃...讓你散心 別着急
We have plans to, er, revive you later, don't worry.我們今早去了卡特韋太太那
We called on Mrs Castaway this morning.有位幸運的先生把傳説中的蘇糖買走了
Some lucky gent has taken the legendary Sugar off the market 我們還沒享受到她的魅力呢
before we'd had the benefit of her charms.如果你眞找到包她的人
If you find out who's got her,千萬告訴他我們很想分一杯羹
do tell him we're dying to have a bash.我們打算去特魯里街看看雙胞胎
Anyway, we thought a trip to the twins in Drury Lane.我約了人 不去了
previous engagement.你眞無聊 比爾
You are dull, Bill.我很開心呀
But happy.他瘋掉了
He's lost his mind.你不是喝熏衣草香水了吧?
You haven't been drinking the lavender water?不是每個人都能穿白的
Not everyone can wear white.確實不是 拉克漢太太
No, indeed, Mrs Rackham.必須夠瘦纔行
You have to be very thin.你説她到底吃不吃飯的?
Do you think she ever eats?走吧?
Shall we?(威爾第「安魂曲」1874)
(Verdi's Requiem)你覺得怎樣 艾格尼絲?
Your opinion, Agnes?我沒感覺 我就想透透氣
I have no opinion. I'd merely like some air.天啊 你眞憔悴
Oh, goodness, you do look peakish.布利德樓夫人
Lady Bridgelow,你對我的關心眞是僞善又噁心
your concern for me is false and poisonous.你又肥又胖 下巴上還長毛
You are fat and your chin has hairs on it!艾格尼絲?
Agnes?艾格尼絲?
Agnes?艾格尼絲?
Agnes?克拉拉?
Clara?你不能看我的臉
You must not look at me in the face.你不該看見我
You're not supposed to see me.眞的是你嗎?
Is it you?我是來幫你的 艾格尼絲
I'm going to help you, Agnes,可你不能看我的臉
but you must not look at my face.威廉總説你是我的想象
William says you are a trick of my imagination.我好髒
I am filthy.我全髒了
I'm covered in filth.站起來 站起來
Stand up, stand up.圍上這個
Wrap this round you.你的味道好熟悉
You smell familiar.現在聽好
Now listen,我要你從這走出去 向左轉
I need you to walk out of here and turn left.我會守望着你 艾格尼絲 可我們必須保密
I'll be watching you, Agnes, but this must be our secret.你明白嗎? 不然我會有麻煩的
Do you understand? Otherwise I could get into trouble.天使也會有麻煩嗎?
Can angels get into trouble?我們這種生物不該介入你們的世界
Creatures like us are not supposed to interfere in your world.我在守望着你 記住
I'm watching you, remember.走吧 不要停
Go on, keep moving.眞想知道這麼晚你能去哪
I do wonder where you can be at this time of night.克拉拉
Clara!是我 威廉
It's me, William.克拉拉呢?
Where's Clara?就在外面 別怕
Just outside, don't worry.你感覺怎樣 親愛的?
How do you feel now, dear?像頂無主的帽子
Like a lost bonnet順着一條暗河漂流
floating along a dark river.你眞體諒人
You are so very understanding.不 不
No, no.我憐憫她
I pity her.我們這些健康無恙的人
We who have uninterrupted health要爲我們的好運感恩
must be thankful for our good fortune.難怪我親愛的阿爾伯特總告訴我要感恩
Certainly my dear Albert always urged me to be thankful for it當年他活着的時候
when he was alive.哦 親愛的布利德樓夫人
Oh, my dear Lady Bridgelow.我沒什麼好抱怨的
I should not complain.我有兒子 也是阿爾伯特的骨肉
I have my son, in whom Albert lives on.他們兩人非常相似
The resemblance is very strong.相信等你有了兒子也會是這樣
I don't doubt it will be the same for you when you have a son.一定會的
I dare say it will.你找我姊姊?
You're visiting my sister?對 她身體還好吧
yes. I trust she is well.她身體當然不好
Of course she's not well.動動腦子 老兄 別賴着不走勞她費神
Use your sense, man. Don't stay too long and tire her out.你好像有點蒼白
You are perhaps a little pale.外表沒什麼意義
Appearances mean so little.我親愛的伯蒂當年總是紅潤健康
My dear Bertie appeared to be in the pink of health always,結果他先走了 我還活着
yet he is gone and I remain.我眞盼望好起來 亨利
Oh, I am so anxious to be well, Henry.因爲沒有小孩要照顧
With no children to look after我的精力都留給了慈善事業
I have saved all my juices for the cause.我知道他們很感激
I know the cause is grateful.日復一日 我飽受折磨
I sit here tormented knowing each day that passes又一個女人墮入生命的罪惡
one more woman sinks into a life of unbridled vice.福克斯太太
Mrs Fox,我想告訴你我也開始在聖吉爾斯工作了
I want you to know that I have myself begun to work in St Giles.你 亨利?       所以你可以放心休息
You, Henry?        So you must rest easy in the knowledge會有人替你露面的
that a presence is maintained.我知道你和我感受相同
I knew that you felt as I do.是的
I do.你好 先生
Hello, sir.想要一個價廉物美的好姑娘嗎?
Want a nice girl, not expensive?我只想和你聊聊
I wish only to talk with you.很好 來我房間吧
Very good. Come to my house.不 我就是那個意思
No, no, I mean what I say.一個先令
A shilling,只是聊聊
just to talk.你寫下來有什麼用?
What you writing it down for?我臨時代替我朋友
Oh, I am temporarily taking over the work of a dear friend救濟社的工作
in the Rescue Society.所以準備把細節一一彙報給她       很好
I intend to report back in every detail.        nice.反正你付了一先令了 儘管問吧
Well, you've paid your shilling, don't be shy.如果你不介意的話 卡羅萊
when, if you don't mind, Caroline,你是什麼時候失去了貞操?
did you lose your virtue?十六歲
Age 16.給了我丈夫
To my husband.給了你丈夫?
To your husband?那也不算失掉了貞操
Ah, well then you did not lose your virtue.所以你離開了他 或者被抛棄了?
So you must have left him, then, or been cast out?他死了 先生
He died, sir.之後我的小男孩也跟着走了
Then my little boy followed close behind.眞的深表遺憾
I am deeply sorry.所以這是你墮落的原因?
So, that is when you fell into this way of being?不是墮落 是別無它選
I didn't fall, I was pushed.孩子的藥錢還欠着醫生
Owed the doctor for the child's medicine.是他安排我踏入這行的
He arranged my start in the profession.醫生?
The doctor?我明白了
I see.好的 容我冒昧提出
Well, forgive me,我認識一個大工廠主
I know a man who runs a great concern.我可以爲你安排一份工作
I could arrange employment for you.我有工作
I have employment.一份你不會遭天譴的工作
Employment by which you would not risk damnation.我有工作
I have employment!你想讓我在血汗工廠透支健康
You want me to break my health in a dirty factory領着一週兩先令 爲你朋友創造財富?
for two shillings a week to help your friend make his fortune?一先令的談話時間結束了
Now, your shilling's long since up.卡羅萊 你相信你擁有靈魂嗎?
Caroline! Do you believe you have a soul?你有的 我都有
Anything you got, I got, too.你不爲它擔心嗎?
Then don't you fear for it?我沒什麼好擔心的
You know, I fear nothing much因爲我愛過 也被愛過
because I've loved and I've been loved.這不正是靈魂的含義嗎?
Ain't that what a soul's about?哥哥?       我需要和你談談 威廉
Brother?        Oh, I need to talk to you, William.我剛從伯明翰回來
I've only just returned from Birmingham需要去瑪麗勒本見一個重要的人
and I've an important appointment I need to make in Marylebone.我是來懺悔的...
It is a confession...某種程度上
of sorts.坐下吧 亨利
Sit down, Henry.夫人
Ma'am.(英格蘭銀行)他打扮得衣冠楚楚 超凡脱俗
He dresses it up as spiritual poppycock, of course,事實上亨利戀愛了 卻拉不下臉承認
but the fact is that Henry's on heat and too priggish to admit it.那你給他什麼建議?
So how did you advise him?我告訴他 這些對福克斯的太太的感覺
I simply told him that the feelings he had for Mrs Fox全是熱戀的典型症狀
bared all the hallmarks of infatuation只能順其自然了
and they would simply run their course.今天吸引我們的東西
What enthrals us today明天也許什麼都不是了
may simply have no hold tomorrow.的確
Indeed.可憐的威廉
Poor William.整個世界都塞給你麻煩
The whole world runs to you with its troubles.只除了你
All except you.我有什麼麻煩呢?
What troubles have I?我是世上最幸運的女人
I am the luckiest woman alive.我眞希望在這裏沈沈的睡去
I wish I could just fall asleep here.好啊
Well, do.我明天必須早起
I have to be up early tomorrow.必須去熏衣草田裏
I have to go into the lavender fields.熏衣草田?
The lavender fields?熏衣草眞正生長的地方?
Where the lavender actually grows?可以帶我去嗎?
Won't you take me?樂意之至
I would love nothing more.不過...
But...我明白
I understand.可惜你沒有監護人
It's a shame you don't have a chaperone.比如一位善良的老紳士來讓此行
Some kindly old gent to add a veneer of看上去體面一些
respectability to the exercise.我想撒尿
I need to pee.把這裏當家 尿到褲子上吧
Pretend you're at home and do it in your pants.眞是熱心腸
So kindhearted.六先令和威士忌 記得嗎?
Six shillings and whisky, remember?享受陽光吧
Enjoy the sunshine.他們説好幾週前開始修剪這些花叢了
They claim they've been pruning these bushes for weeks.其實是昨天下午吧
Yesterday afternoon, more like.眞不可思議
It really is magnificent.比我想象的還要大
Bigger than I'd ever imagined.如果來場大火 怎樣?
What a bonfire this'd make, eh?事實上 我們在第五年的秋天會把它們燒掉
Actually, we do burn all the plants in their fifth autumn.火焰中的香氣可以迷醉整個米査姆區
The blaze is fragrant enough to cause all of Mitcham to swoon.我正在找你
I've been looking for you!最多六個月 你就捲舖蓋走人了
Give it six months and you'll be out on your arse.你不知道你在説什麼吧
You don't know what you're talking about.髒東西纔不喝呢 是吧
Oh, don't let anything dirty pass your lips.令人窒息的美
It is breathtaking.如果我膝下有一個兒子的話
If only I had a son to leave it to.親愛的威廉
Dear William.新鮮的空氣 很適合你
It suits you, the fresh air.下面又流血了
'Bleeding again, underneath.我肯定這都是吃東西造成的
'I am certain it's caused by eating.如果不吃飯 就不會流血了
'If I don't eat, I don't bleed,可我會暈倒 他們會找科魯來
'but then I get faint and they summon Curlew.我的天使呢?
'Where is my angel?好久沒有見到她了
'I have not seen her in so long.也許我不配擁有她
'Perhaps I have not deserved her.'有些汙垢永遠也別想清除
Some stains you never get out.謝謝
Thank you.可以坐起來了
You may sit up.恐怕得説一切並不理想
I'm afraid all is not as it should be.你的子宮已經移位
Your womb has moved.比應該在的地方高了 所以...
It's much higher than where it ought to be, which is...拉克漢太太 你在看什麼特別的東西嗎?
Mrs Rackham, are you looking at anything in particular?我在尋找東西 科魯醫生
I'm looking for something, Dr Curlew.什麼?       一個信號
What?        A sign.我建議艾格尼絲多關注家務
I suggest Agnes take more interest in the household.接下來 她就眞的擦去地板了
Next thing I know, she's actually scrubbing.科魯認爲她必須被監管起來
Curlew's adamant she must be secured.不
No.艾格尼絲去精神病院 那要她怎麼活
Surely Agnes would never survive an asylum.我也告訴過他
I've told him that.一模一樣
Exactly.可怕的是 前一天她還和正常人一樣
Awful thing is one day she's normal as you or I接着
and the next...就會和天使招手
..she's waving at angels.艾格尼絲患病多久了?
How long has Agnes been this way?老實説
If I'm honest,她的瘋狂從生孩子開始就萌芽了
her madness has blossomed since the child.她流産了一個小孩?
Agnes lost a child?不 孩子生下來了
No, we have a child.你們有小孩?
You have?是的
Yes.不幸的是 是個女孩
A daughter, unfortunately.索菲
Sophie.索菲
Sophie.很少見她
See very little of her.匆匆瞟過幾眼 就被護士帶去教堂了
The odd glimpse as she's being swept off to church by her nurse.又一個災難臨頭
another looming disaster.克萊弗女士説索菲需要一個家庭教師
Miss Cleave claims that Sophie needs a governess.八歳的小孩需要上學嗎?
Does a child of eight need schooling?還是個女孩
A girl, too!每週想多跟我要一先令罷了
Trying to bounce another shilling out of me a week,毋庸置疑
I don't doubt.我多麼渴望能和你住在一起
I wish for all the world I could live with you.「喜樂」基督勸勉我們説「應當歡喜快樂」
Rejoice, Christ exhorts us, and be exceeding glad,「因爲你們在天上的賞賜是大的」
for great is your reward in heaven「在你們以前的先知 人也是這樣逼迫他們」
for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.「你們是世上的鹽」
Ye are the salt of the earth,「鹽若失了味」
but if the salt have lost his savour,「怎能叫他再鹹呢?」
wherewith shall it be salted?「以後無用」
It is thenceforth good for nothing,「不過丟在外面」(語出《馬太福音》5:12)
but to be cast out...科魯醫生
Why, Dr Curlew.亨利
Henry.我今天收到了福克斯太太的信
I received a message from Mrs Fox today.是嗎?
Indeed?聽説她要被送去海邊養病了
I gather she is to be sent away to the coast to recover.是的 她會去福克斯通
She is going to Folkestone, yes.這倒不假
That much is true.你知道她會在那裏待多久嗎?
Do you have you any idea how long she'll be there?以我對這個病的瞭解
I imagine, given my experience of the disease,不會太久
not long at all.最多幾個月
A couple of months at most.她會去這麼久?
She'll be gone so long?好吧...
Well, I...她不在的時候 我要努力打發時間了
I shall strive to find ways to pass the time until she's back.上帝啊 你們家族的男人腦子都有問題嗎?
Dear God, what is the matter with the men in your family?你什麼都不明白嗎?
Do you understand nothing?!我妹妹得肺結核快死了
My sister is dying of consumption.再也不回來了
She'll never come back.亨利?
Henry?希望是你
I hoped it was you.什麼耽擱你這麼久
But what kept you?沒什麼能耽擱我
Nothing kept me.等你的時間 實在太漫長了
Time passes so slowly for me when I am waiting for you.福克斯太太
Mrs Fox,我並不値得你這樣
I am not worthy.哦 你値得...       不
Oh, but you are...        No!我對你的感覺 使我不再懷疑
My feelings for you leave me in no doubt我天生不是做傳教士的料
I am not cut out to be a clergyman.亨利 別説了
Henry, stop.看到你受此懲罰我很憤怒
I rage to see you punished in this way!上帝遠比一個女人的疾病偉大
God is bigger than one woman's illness.你會是最善良 最眞誠 最慷慨的牧師
You would make the kindest, sincerest, handsomest minister.原諒我
Forgive me.你今晚不和我們一起嗎 艾格尼絲?
Are you quite sure you won't join us this evening, Agnes?我知道你很喜歡亨利
I know how fond you are of Henry.科魯先生讓我別參加社交活動
Dr Curlew has advised against socialising.我想他也説過別花太多時間
I think he also said it might be better not to spend坐在窗戶邊 親愛的
so much time sitting at the window, dearest.你不相信有天使 對嗎?
You don't believe in angels, do you?是的 不相信
No, I don't.你誰都不相信 除了威廉·拉克漢
You don't believe in anything except William Rackham.她快死了 比爾
She's dying, Bill!不 她服用新葯後更荒謬敏感了
No, she's absurdly highly strung and on new medication.福克斯太太快死了
Mrs Fox is dying.他哥哥説沒希望了
Her brother says there's no hope.她的眼神看穿我的靈魂 比爾
She stares into my soul, Bill.她乞求的眼神       你們倆...
Those imploring eyes.        You two had...關係發展迅速
grown surprisingly close.她的胸口起伏
Her breast heaves.喘息的抓住我的手
She pants and clutches at my hand.有你在身邊安慰 她眞幸運 亨利
How lucky she is to have you to comfort her, Henry.感覺像...
It is as if...感覺她還想向我要什麼東西
As if she wants something more from me.一點也不驚訝
It's not surprising.我問自己一遍又一遍
I ask myself over and over and over她要我給他什麼?
what is it she thinks I can give her?你不是開玩笑吧?
Are you serious?我向主禱告 從早到晚
I have prayed for guidance, night and day!可憐啊 亨利
For pity's sake, Henry!她想讓你好好看着她
She wants you to give her a good seeing to!她想和你好好做愛 亨利
She wants you to give her a good fucking, Henry!你是禽獸嗎...?
What sort of a creature...?這屋子再也呆不下去了
I can't stay in this house.別再折磨她了 亨利
Stop tormenting her, Henry!如果她眞的快死了 讓她最後歡愉一次吧
If she really is dying, just let her feel pleasure at least once!威廉 怎麼回事?
William, what is it?我讓馬車伕黎明就來
I've asked Cheesman to come at dawn.我們直接去熏衣草田
We will leave for the lavender fields straightaway.那...       爲什麼要管別人想什麼?
What about...        What do I care what people think?這他媽是我的熏衣草田 我的生意
It's my damn lavender field, it's my damn business!我厭倦了被那些白癡評判
I'm sick of being judged by fools那些對世界一無所知的人
who have no idea how the world works,那些人之所以滿口道德良心
who have the luxury of a clear conscience都因爲騎在我這種骯髒俗人的頭上
because I pay for it on a dirty, daily basis!《聖經》
Holy Bible福克斯太太?
Mrs Fox?你氣色眞好
You look so well.當然了 亨利
Of course, Henry.我已經去天堂了
I'm in heaven.等不及想讓你也來了
I can't wait for you to join me.我想和你一起
I want to join you.我很想...
I want to...可我們沒有結婚
but we are not married.天堂裏沒有嫁娶 亨利
There is no marriage in heaven, Henry.《馬可福音》12章25節
Mark 12:25.福克斯太太...
Mrs Fox...如果我和你住在一起
If only I could live with you.該是多大的幫助啊
You are such a help to me.我希望能多幫助你一些
I wish I could help you more.其實不只是亨利和艾格尼絲
It's not only Henry and Agnes.整棟房子都失控了
The entire household is out of control.艾格尼絲的女僕公然蔑視我
Agnes' maid treats me with open contempt,克萊弗小姐也終於遞了辭呈
Miss Cleave has finally handed notice,我只能再找家庭教師了
so now I have to find a new governess.你説和我住在一起是認眞的?
Are you serious about living with me?當然是認眞的
Of course I am...但這不可能
..but it's impossible.我不能作爲家庭教師 和你住在一起嗎?
Could I not, in fact, live with you as your new governess?拉克漢先生       你不是認眞的吧?
Mr Rackham!        You're not serious?抱歉       拉克漢先生
I'm sorry.        Mr Rackham!我只是想...
I only thought...拉克漢先生
Mr Rackham!先生
Sir!你快去 先生 馬上
You're wanted, sir, at once!是你的哥哥
It's your brother!<font color="#4096d1">第二集 終
謝謝觀賞</font><font color="#4096d1">紅玫瑰白玫瑰 第一集</font><font color="#4096d1">
==破爛熊樂園傾情奉獻==
本字幕僅供學習交流，嚴禁用於商業用途</font>(本片含有部分性場面)<font color=#4096d1>=破爛熊字幕組=
翻譯：tpring lovekeico
校對：lovekeico tpring
時間軸：馬老師的好學生
正體中文轉製及校對：Uriel
</font>倫敦 1874年
London, 1874.放機靈點
Keep your wits about you.這座城市很大 錯綜複雜
This city is vast, and intricate,你根本不知道這裏有什麼
and you do not know your way around.想起從前讀過的故事 你可能覺得
You imagine, from other stories you've read,你很瞭解這裏
that you know it well.可它們故意迎合了你
But those stories flattered you.你是個異類 從另一個時空陡然闖入
You are an alien from another time and place altogether.你連現在幾點都不知道 對嗎?
You don't even know what hour it is, do you?這裏大多數人也不知道
Nor do most where you're going.他們的就寢時間依琴酒的酒力決定
Here people go to sleep as soon as the gin takes effect.你會任憑自己被引入迷途
You've allowed yourself to be led astray再也不用指望找到來路
and there's no hope of finding your way back.伊麗莎白 我帶蠟燭來了
Elizabeth? I brought candles.用不着 我沒什麼好看的
I won't need 'em. I'm not a pretty sight.你看起來挺好      老天 蘇糖
You look all right.        Christ, Sugar.你還會臉紅不會?
Don't you never blush?怎麼回事?
What happened?兩個人
Two of 'em.不肯跟我回這邊
Wouldn't walk all the way back here.「就在黑巷子裏野戰如何?」
"How about a quick sootarse in the alley?"他們一直狂笑
Never stopped laughing.我會追到天涯海角 殺了他們      那還用説
I'm going to hunt them down and kill them.        Course you are.你對欺負過你的人都是這樣
Like all the ones who ever done you mischief.明天我就是一具臭皮囊了
Tomorrow I'll be cold meat.他們會把我扔到河裏      他們不會的
They'll toss me in the river.        They won't.我不讓他們這麼做
I won't let them.鰻魚會啃光我的眼珠
Eels will eat out my eyes.誰也不會記得有我這個人
Noone'll know I ever lived.我記得
I'll know.又是你 這回又來拯救誰來啦?
You again? Who have you come to rescue now?我給伊麗莎白送牛蹄凍來的
I brought Elizabeth some calf'sfoot jelly.晚了
Too late.她死了
She's dead.飛 快飛 飛啊
Fly... Fly now...Fly!是我帽子上的 她襲擊我 用...
It's from my hat. She struck at me with...科魯? 去請科魯醫生了
Curlew? Doctor Curlew's been sent for.親愛的福克斯太太 請這邊走
My dear Mrs Fox, please, this way.是我該道歉纔對
It is we who must apologise.宴會提前結束了
The party ended prematurely.恐怕是我弟妹讓它戛然而止的
I'm afraid my sisterinlaw brought it to a halt with a most以最不幸的方式
unfortunate turn.可憐的艾格尼絲
poor Agnes.我想我還是...送您回家吧
I think it best for me to... see you home.對不起 威廉
I'm sorry, William.對不起 對不起 對不起
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.不用這樣
No need for that.我還是你的小女孩嗎?
Am I still your little girl?是
Yes...你當然是
Of course you are!永遠都是
Always.別碰我      哦
Don't touch me.        No.好 不碰你
No, of course not.您知道 艾格尼絲很脆弱的
You know very well Agnes is delicate.我們這麼窘迫 她壓力更大
Our current financial woes place an intolerable strain on her nerves.難怪會發生這種小事故...
It's hardly surprising that little incidents like this...小事故?
Little incidents?!她用壁爐釬子敲掉了一個女士的帽子
She knocked a woman's hat clean off her head with a poker!要是把人家眼睛戳了呢
She could have had her eye out!她説她突然覺得憋悶
She felt trapped, she said.然後就一眼看到
Next thing she caught sight of布利德樓夫人帽子上的小鳥標本
the stuffed bird on Lady Bridgelow's bonnet以爲它要展翅飛走
and believed it was about to take wing.她只想幫它掙脱羅網
She sought only to free it from its yards of net.你聽聽這都什麼話?
Can you hear yourself?當然 這種衝動不對
An erroneous impulse, certainly...不過精神可嘉吧
..but a generous one at least,再説我們的經濟狀況這麼...
and given our current financial circumstances...你要是眞想改善改善
If you want your circumstances to change,該怎麼做你心裏有數
you know what you have to do.心思放到生意上來
Turn your mind to the business!今年的賬本我都給你一個月了
I gave you this year's accounts a month ago,你看過沒? 一眼都沒有      我試過了
have you looked at them? No!        I have tried!我天生就不是生意人
I do not have a flair for business!我不像您
I am not like you!我是個作家
I'm a writer!你有作品嗎?
What have you written?一本小冊子
A small pamphlet.還沒出版
Not yet published.老天爺
Dear God.父親 只要您賣掉拉克漢香水廠...      賣掉?
Father, if you were only to sell Rackham's        Sell?投資到這邊來
..and invest the proceeds,賺的錢會讓我們都衣食無憂的
we could all live quite comfortably off the interest!你的年金還得減
Your allowance was somewhat reduced.你就當它全取消了吧
You may now consider it altogether withdrawn.去吧 隨你幹什麼
You go ahead, you be your own man.自己養活自己吧
At your own expense!可是 父親      吃你的筆桿子去吧
But, sir        Write your way out of that!父親...父親?
Sir...Sir?怎麼就不勞那酒商大駕親自送來呢?
Why, pray, was the vintner unable to make this delivery in person?憑什麼我
How did it come to pass還要派你去取酒呢 克里斯托弗?
that I had to ask you to collect the claret, Christopher?他説「告訴卡特韋夫人 因爲聖誕節到啦」
He says, "Tell Mrs Castaway it's cos of Christmas."聖誕節
Christmas!什麼叫聖誕節呀?
What is Christmas?就是耶穌出生的日子
It's the day Jesus was born.耶穌是誰?      他爲贖我們的罪而死
Who's Jesus?        He died for our sins.看來是白費了 我們這不還贖着嘛
Evidently unsuccessfully, since we're all still paying.男人噴出一股黏液
One squirt of slime from the man,女人一顆腥臭的卵子
one fishy egg in the woman,瞧呀
and behold 他們就稱他...以馬內利 (耶穌的別名)
they shall call his name...Emmanuel.給你帶熊油了
Got some bear's grease for ya.謝謝 克里斯托弗
Thank you, Christopher.就你自己? 沒帶位先生?
All alone, is it? No gent in tow?伊麗莎白死了
Elizabeth is dead.享清福去嘍
Gone to a better place.她總説她要去好地方 對吧?
Always said she would, didn't she?下一個是誰?
Who's next?你?
You?我?
Me?記得今後胸衣裏帶把刀子
Be sure and carry a knife in your bodice from now on.我肯定想不到用它的
I'd never have the wit to use it.當心裙子
Watch your dress.可別弄髒了
You don't want to spoil it.爲這穿不了五分鐘的衣服 費的工夫可不小
A lot of trouble you go to for clothes that only stay on five minutes.打擾一下 女士們
Excuse me, ladies.我能有幸永遠留存你們的倩影嗎?
I would be honoured to preserve your image for all time!永遠留存?
For all time?不用了 謝謝      試試也無妨啊
No, thank you.        Go on. Why not?我可不想千秋萬世
I'd rather not spend an indefinite future被陌生人傳來傳去
being passed from hand to hand by strangers.我倒不介意永遠被人記住
Wouldn't have minded being remembered for eternity, that's all.伊麗莎白請我把她寫進我的書裏
Elizabeth asked me to put her in my book.大概她也是這麼想的
Thinking the same, I suppose.我原來最喜歡聽你讀你的書
I used to love it when you read your book to us.可是我覺得...
But I wondered...你有沒有想過寫點喜慶事進去呢
whether you ever thought of putting a bit of good fortune in.比如從天而降的救星
Like a miraculous rescue!沒有
No.這是本仇恨的書 卡迪
It's a book of hate, Caddie,用來報復每個外強中乾的
to wreak revenge on every pompous trembling worm爬上卡特韋夫人門檻的小爬蟲
who taps at Mrs Castaway's door!比爾
BILL!波德利，阿什韋
Bodley, Ashwell.你頭髮遭什麼殃啦?
What HAS happened to your hair?啊 這個...是照馬修·阿諾德 (19世紀英國詩人 評論家) 剪的
Ah, it... It was supposed to look like Matthew Arnold.剪得不像我挺高興的
I'm actually pleased it doesn't,我覺得他的新作有點被吹捧過頭了
I...I think his latest work to be overrated.來吧 老夥計 去喝一杯
Come on, old chap, let's get you a drink.我們爲鑽研這本書可絞盡了腦汁了
So, we're quite worn out by the research for this book.那你們想出名字了嗎?
And, do you have a title yet?「禱告的效力」
The Efficacy of Prayer.反諷的      對
It's ironic.        Yes.有希望找到一家出版商嗎?
Is there any hope of finding a publisher for such a piece?這年頭 總有雷霆般的呼聲在要求
There's a thundering call these days for books那種打破社會結構的書 説到這個...
that destroy the fabric of society. Speaking of which...你那部大作如何了?
how goes the great work?按部就班的推進中
At its own pace.好吧
Well...也別全撲在書上
don't let the book consume you entirely.近來你都成了隱士了 大好機會都喪失了
You're a virtual recluse these days, and such opportunities lost!機會?
Opportunities?露西·菲茨羅伊 纔14歳      哦
Lucy Fitzroy. Only 14.        Oh!在喬吉娜夫人手下 使得一手好鞭子
Wields a vicious whip at Madame Georgina's.好個小騷貨
An absolute fizgig!不過我們眞正朝思暮想的是蘇糖
But the one we're just dying to have a crack at is Sugar.蘇糖?      卡特韋夫人家的
Sugar?        Over at Mrs Castaway's,那可是高級去處
a very highclass house.當然 怎麼也吃不到口
Of course, one can never get her.我都開始懷疑有沒有她這個人了
I begin to wonder if she even exists.聲名遠播 十分誘人
The most intriguing reputation.傳説她從不讓人失望
They say she never disappoints.這總讓你文思泉涌了吧
That'd put ink in your nib, now.門鈴這東西就不該讓人按兩次
It should never be necessary to ring a doorbell more than once......尤其是在...自己家裏
..especially if it is... one's own...萊蒂
Letty.拉克漢夫人還好嗎?      還好 先生
How is Mrs Rackham?        Well, sir, I believe.科魯醫生和她在一起
Doctor Curlew is with her.拉克漢先生?
Mr Rackham?家裏沒有煤了
We're short on coal.一直沒人送來
The delivery never arrived.我換了一家煤鋪
I've changed supplier.原來那家越來越靠不住了
Our fellow was becoming quite erratic.(里德煤鐵公司 賬單 共15鎊)(科魯醫生 賬單 10鎊)拉克漢先生?
Mr Rackham?科魯
Curlew.請坐吧
Please.眼下 她還挺清醒的
Well, she's tolerably lucid,可我預料她很快就會崩潰
but I expect a full collapse very shortly.是嗎?
Really?我還覺得她好轉了呢
I had been thinking she seemed rather better.那你就上當了
Then you're deluded.拉克漢 每次我拜訪她
Rackham, every time I visit her,她都要費很大自制力鎭定下來
she has to fight that much more strenuously to compose herself.她對您的來訪壓力很大
She finds your visits very stressful.也許我...      我很理解
Perhaps I...        I do understand讓艾格尼絲暫時入院...
that having Agnes temporarily committed...入院
Committed!會使您痛苦 以及名譽受損
..would cause you personal pain and social embarrassment.可我也見過別的人糾結於這個決定
But I have seen other men wrestle with the same decision and,相信我 他們一旦下定了決心
believe me, once they have made it,個個都如釋重負
they are relieved beyond words.「聲名遠播 十分誘人」
'The most intriguing reputation.「傳説她從不讓人失望」
'They say she never disappoints.「卡特韋太太皇冠上的明珠」
'The jewel in Castaway's crown.(紅髮女郎 蘇糖小姐)「蘇糖」
'Sugar.「價廉如棉布 享受如綾羅」
'Pay for cotton, but lie in silk.「去乞討 去借 去偸 來買我春宵一度」
'Beg, borrow or steal to buy my services.「來爐邊客棧找我」
'Seek me out at the Fireside Inn.'我看起來怎樣 克拉拉?
How do I look, Clara?眞美
Beautiful.醫生説...我不能再讀書了
The doctor... says I'm not to read any more.他説那...會刺激我
He...he says it excites me.他也不是什麼都懂      對
Well, he doesn't know everything.        No.(救命)
help你眞是個淘氣的孩子!
You've been a very naughty boy!你還沒告訴我們你是幹什麼的呢
So, you never told us what it is you do,做什麼生意的?      生意
what line of business?        Business?這個詞我提都懶得提
There's a word I've no time for!不 我是個作家
No, I am a writer,小説家 評論家
novelist, critic.你叫什麼?      沒準我聽過你呢
What's your name?        I might've heard of you.我估計不會
I very much doubt that.你們幾位女士 恕我直言 不像讀書人
You ladies don't, if you'll excuse me, look like readers.別看不起人了
I know more than you might expect.我可試過狄更斯的      他早掛了吧?
I've had Charles Dickens.        Ain't he dead?她舔的那部分還立着呢
Not the bit she sucked on!那是誰?
Who's that?那不是你在等的人嗎?
Is that who you're waiting for?他和這裏一半傻瓜都在等
Him and half the fools in 'ere.嘿 蘇糖      他説他是作家
Hey, Sugar!        Writer, he says!在等你呢
Waiting for ya.八成等了一輩子了吧
All his life, I don't doubt!晚上好 您是...
Good evening, Mr...亨特
Hunt.有個H的
With an aitch.呃 喬治·亨特
Er, George Hunt.你是...
And you are...?蘇糖就是我的姓名 亨特先生
Sugar is all there is to my name, Mr Hunt.蘇糖
Sugar.希望您沒有等很久 和這三女巫
I do hope you haven't been waiting too long with the Three Witches在一起
for company.三女巫...這是馬克白裏的
The Three Witc... That's Macbeth.請原諒我的儀容
You must forgive my appearance.這惡劣天氣把我的頭髮全給糟蹋了
This foul weather plays havoc with my hair.我的也是
Oh, mine too!我專門照着馬修·阿諾德剪的
I had it cut. It was supposed to look like Matthew Arnold.剪得不像      慶幸吧
It doesn't.        Be thankful.我覺得他有點被吹捧過頭了
I think he's rather overrated,不過您當然比我明智
but I'm sure you know much better than I.不 我同意
No! I agree.那還用説
Absolutely.怎麼也比不上拉斯金 (19世紀英國藝術評論家)
Give me Ruskin, any day!如果您説的是拉斯金先生的散文
If it is Mr Ruskin's prose you're referring to,那我完全同意
then I quite concur.他的詩就免了
Spare me his poetry.他的韻律確實乏善可陳
In verse he's a major minor.丁尼生的新作 多麼奇妙
Tennyson's latest work, pure whimsy.多麼奇妙 簡直...異想天開
It's whimsy, it's whi...whimsical.有個詩人 詹姆斯·湯普森(18世紀蘇格蘭詩人)
It's... There is a poet, James Thompson.詹姆斯·湯普森?
James Thompson?對 詹姆斯·湯普森 他最新的作品
Yes, James Thompson, who in his latest work眞是...翻天覆地
is truly...breaking new ground.「闇夜之城」?
The City of Dreadful Night?你知道?
You know it?「世事輪轉 如同磨坊」
The world rolls round for ever like a mill.「磨出善與惡 生與死」
It grinds out life and death and good and ill.「沒有目標 沒有心靈 沒有頭腦」
It has no purpose, heart, nor mind,「也沒有方向」
nor will.年輕美麗的小姐不該記住這麼黑暗的意象
These are dark notions for a beautiful young woman to take to heart.我的人生有時就這麼黑暗
My life can be dark sometimes.人生得一知己
Kindred spirits, like yourself,一世難求啊
are difficult to find.你的嘴脣好像羽毛
Your lips are like feathers.要它們帶你飛翔嗎?
Shall they help you take flight?歡迎光臨卡特韋太太家 先生
Welcome to Mrs Castaway's, sir!開一夜房 要五先令
The use of the room will cost you five shillings.再加兩先令 還有美酒等着您
There can be good wine waiting for an additional two可是上面發生什麼 要多久
but what happens up there, and for how long,就由您和蘇糖自便了
is for you and Sugar to put a value to.這是十先令
Here's ten shillings.給我送酒上去
Send up some wine.你累了 亨特先生
You're tired, Mr Hunt.我很久沒好好睡覺了
I haven't been sleeping.夜裏躺在牀上...
I go to bed at night...也是通宵醒着
..and just lie awake.好吧 我們來好好照顧你
Well...we shall have to take good care of you.爐邊客棧的烈性麥酒
Strong ale at the Fireside.「他從無夢的宿醉中醒來...」
'He woke from his dreamless drunkard's sleep...「只見她正要割開他喉嚨」
'and found her poised to cut his throat.'早安 亨特先生
Good morning, Mr Hunt.早安?
Morning?我睡了這麼久?      你很累了
I've slept so long?        Well, you were very tired.還眞有點累 現在大概是...
Yes, I was. I believe it's...蘇糖小姐 我似乎非常可惜 非常可恥地
Miss Sugar, I have suffered a most regrettable, most shameful失禁了
loss of control.濕衣服脱掉 亨特先生 馬上
Throw off your wet things, Mr Hunt. At once.這眞是太過份了...
That is quite beyond...我不指望你...        衣服拿來 謝謝
I can't expect you...        Your things, please, now.這眞是...
This really is...躺下吧
Lie back, now.一切都會好的
All will soon be set to rights.小可憐
Poor baby.我太浪費你的時間了
I have taken up an unconscionable amount of your time.完全沒有
Not at all.你眞是個有趣的男人 喬治·亨特
You are a very interesting man, George Hunt.我應該看看你的書
I shall look out for your books.蘇糖小姐...
Miss Sugar...沒有小姐 就叫蘇糖
No Miss. Just Sugar.我的名字並不是...
My name is not, erm...叫我威廉吧
Please just call me William.原諒我的謊言 對男士來説聲譽很重要
Forgive the deception, but a man has a reputation to uphold.姓名又有什麼意義呢?      是啊
And what's in a name?        Indeed!這句話來自...       「羅密歐與茱麗葉」
That's actually a line from...        Romeo And Juliet.再説...也許你很難見到我出版的作品
Also...you may struggle to find my work in published form.寫作並不是我唯一的職業
Writing is not my sole occupation.當然
Well, of course.像你這樣擁有抑制不住的好奇心
Why would a man with your unquenchable curiosity,博學多才 熟知世上種種奇蹟的男人
your Renaissance grasp of the world and its wonders,怎麼會侷限在一個職業之中呢?
limit himself to just one sphere?你當然會以這獨特而執着的心靈
Surely you would bring the same originality of mind以不變應萬變吧?
and fixity of purpose to anything you were about?藝術家手中 一切皆可爲藝術
All turns to art in the artist's hand.福克斯太太
Mrs Fox,我必須爲上次的事再次道歉
I must apologise again for our last encounter.那時我和弟弟正處在最尶尬的處境
You found my brother and I at our absolute worst.不會吧
Oh, I doubt that.也許我該向你道歉
And I perhaps owe you an apology.我那晚太心不在焉了
I was much preoccupied that night.你的剋制只顯得禮數周全
I put your reserve down to good manners.我下午去了一家妓院
I had that afternoon visited a bawdyhouse探訪一個快離開人世的女孩
to see a girl plainly not long for this world.老天...      這很常見 有人專做病美人生意
Good L...        That's not uncommon, there's a trade in sick girls.我向老鴇抗議過
I once complained to a madam一個女孩甚至都站不穩了
that one of her employees could barely stand.她告訴我這不需要站着
She told me standing was not mandatory,還説我看起來也很憔悴
that I looked a bit peaky myself,要不要找個房間躺下休息
and would I like to lie down in the spare room.眞是狡猾又放肆的建議
A most sly and licentious suggestion.你看我像生病了嗎?
Do I look ill to you?完全沒有
Not at all.好多了 萊蒂 眞的好多了
Better, Letty, much better.除了把自己再弄乾淨點兒
Though you might tidy yourself up a little.以不變應萬變
Fixity of purpose.我一定要治好病
I am going to get well.就算會被折磨死
Even if it kills me.最親愛的艾格尼絲
Agnes, dearest.他們使出看家本領了
They've really pushed the boat out.希望你有個好食慾
I hope you have an appetite.今天你能下來 眞是個愉快的巧合
What a happy coincidence it is that you've come down today.巧合？       我制定了新的準則
Coincidence?        I am ushering in a new regime.還給僕人們做了評估
Including a review of the staff.家裏都亂成一團了
The household is out of hand.並不只是今天
And it's not just today,我是説 下雨天讓僕人們都手忙腳亂
I mean the rain makes the servants skittish, of course.我經常觀察到這件事
I've observed this so often,可以寫篇文章投給「笨拙」(19世紀倫敦幽默諷刺雜誌)
I mean to write a short piece for Punch on the topic.問題是 僕人們需要女主人的領導
The fact is, servants look to their mistress for guidance,接着管理他們對你也有好處 親愛的
and a return to overseeing them might be good for you, dear.他們不能...自己處理嗎?
Can't...can't they just sort it out among themselves?你不是常這樣説嗎?
I mean, isn't that what you always used to talk about?社會主義?
Socialism?社會主義不等於僕人失控
There is a difference between socialism and the staff running amok.不知亨利忙完教堂的事會來嗎 我喜歡他 你呢?
I wonder if Henry will come after church? I like him, don't you?最近的星期天 亨利都和福克斯太太在一起
Henry lately seems to spend his Sundays in the company of Mrs Fox.科魯醫生的妹妹 那個寡婦? 你不是説...
Dr Curlew's sister, the widow? You don't mean...不是
No!上帝 不是
God, no!福克斯太太只在乎她深愛的救濟社
And Mrs Fox is far too preoccupied with her beloved Rescue Society.福克斯太太解救別人?
Mrs Fox rescues people?妓女 親愛的
Prostitutes, dear.我會告訴你 這無濟於事
A pointless crusade, if you ask me.她不明白 大多數這種女孩
It doesn't seem to have occurred to her that many of these girls都享受她們的工作
enjoy their work.你還好吧 艾格尼絲?
Are you quite all right, Agnes?要不要...
Would you like...克拉拉
Clara!萊蒂 珍妮       拉克漢太太?
Letty, Janey!        Mrs Rackham?拉克漢太太
Mrs Rackham.克拉拉 馬上去叫科魯醫生
Clara, send for Dr Curlew at once.不要       不 拉克漢先生
No, no.        No, Mr Rackham.照我説的做
Do as I ask!藝術家手中 一切皆可爲藝術
All turn to art in an artist's hands.你這麼突然就改變主意了?
All very sudden, this change of heart?上天的指示和安排 父親
A revelation of Damascan proportions, sir.我煥然一新了
I am a new man.我還以爲你要歡樂的跑進來 把鉅額支票拍在我桌上
And I'm expected to jig for joy and slap a fat cheque on the desk,是這樣嗎?        不是 我要證明自己 父親
is that it?        No, I wish to prove myself, father.可以嗎?
If I may?我帶來了我
I have brought my...我對拉克漢家族賬目 不可抑制的好奇心
..unquenchable curiosity to bear on the Rackham accounts.啊 威廉
Why, William.能這麼快再見到你 眞好
What a pleasure to see you again, and so soon.我給你帶了東西       眞的?
I brought you something.        Really?上次忘記給你的
Something I forgot to give you last time.你要寵壞我了
You spoil me.亨特先生
Mr Hunt!亨特先生 噢 亨特先生
Mr Hunt! Oh, Mr Hunt!亨特先生
Mr Hunt!亨特先生
Mr Hunt!亨特先生
Mr Hunt!我叫威廉·拉克漢
My name is William Rackham!沒想到我還能見到這一天
I never thought I'd see the day.你來遲了 蘇糖從來不等別人
You're too late. Sugar don't wait for noone.考慮一下吧?
Will you consider it?我對蘇糖的專屬佔有權
Exclusive patronage of Sugar by me.不
No.爲什麼?       問題很複雜
What?        These matters are complex.我們這是家小買賣
We have a small house here.如果三分之一的服務都提供不了
If a third of what we offer is unavailable,那我們怎麼辦?
where does that leave us?還有其它的問題
Then there are other complications.比如説?       我們和爐邊客棧的關係
Such as?        Our bond of mutual regard with The Fireside.你這麼仰慕蘇糖的才色 當然也
Surely you, who are so appreciative of Sugar's merits,看的出她是那裏的王牌
can see she is a draw there.這只是細節
These are details.我只有一個原則
It's the principle of the matter that I'm concerned with.原則?
The principle?蘇糖她自己是否同意?
Whether Sugar herself would agree?能讓她下來嗎?
Might she come down?畢竟 這是她自己的未來
It is her future at stake, after all.還有一個方面你沒考慮到
There is another thing you haven't allowed for.萬一要是蘇糖本人喜歡
You don't consider the possibility that Sugar might prefer 恕我直言 喜歡多樣化呢?
forgive me  she might prefer variety?好吧 讓她自己決定
Well, we shall let her decide.亨特先生 見到你眞高興
Why, Mr Hunt, what a pleasure.亨特先生
Mr Hunt...有個提議給你 蘇糖
has a proposition for you, Sugar.我聽説了
So I understand.我想問一句
If I may.我們都不明白的是
What none of us understands is,除了給妓院方面的價錢...
outside of your arrangement with the house itself...你還可以給蘇糖什麼?
..what will you pay Sugar?我會不惜一切讓她開心
I will pay her whatever makes her happy.好的 亨特先生...
Well, Mr Hunt...我願意
I am willing.幾點了?
What time is it?你不用再辛苦工作了
You don't need to take in copy work any more,不需要把自己搞的如此不堪了
or whatever it is you do to get yourself in such a mess!拉克漢的産品裏有專門針對乾性皮膚的
You know, Rackham's does manufacture a product for dry skin.可我已經是阿特金熊油的奴隸了
But I'm a slave to Atkinson's Bear's Grease.你的人生從今以後就不同了
Your life is going to be very different from now on.希望有些東西還是一樣
I hope some things remain the same.（必須要出去）
must get out（必須要多出去）
Must get out more你的僕人安息日都在工作?
Your men work on the Sabbath?像我一樣 一天都不夠用 亨利
As do I! Not enough hours in the day, Henry.你知道香水也分八個調性
Did you know that there's an octave in perfume像音樂那樣嗎?
as there is in music?好吧 需要幫忙嗎?
Anyway, how can I help?你有想到過媽媽嗎?
Do you ever think of mother?沒有
No.你很小時她就...去世了
You were very young when she, erm...passed on.亨利 她和別的男人跑了
Henry, she ran off with another man.抛棄了我們
She abandoned us.我有時覺得 我們成長中
I am conscious, sometimes, that we lacked環境裏缺乏...
growing up any, erm...女性的陪伴
Female society.你也知道吧 福克斯太太一直致力於幫助...
You know, of course, of Mrs Fox's efforts in the, erm...社會的黑暗底層人士?
in the darkest recesses of the city?我想她的行動支援
Well, I thought that her practical support也許還需要我的...理論化的支持
might be wellsupplemented by my more, doctrinal approach.可我的問題是...
My problem, though, is this 如果我想去關照
if I am to minister to, erm...失足婦女...
..fallen women...怎麼纔能辨認出她們呢?
..how shall I recognise them?你好點了嗎?       熊油的效果很棒
Yer 'ands any better?        This bear's grease is miraculous.你的書怎麼樣了?
How's yer book?你知道我自學的識字
You know, I taught myself to read.我可以教你
I could teach you.不需要
Don't need it.(拉克漢香水公司)注意身後
watch your back!只要一先令 我的手就屬於你 其它部分兩先令
My hand is yours for a shillin', sir, and any other part for two.請把衣服穿好
Please, cover yourself up.身體髮膚不是拿來買賣的
Your body parts are not yours to sell.他們相互依存 全部屬於上帝
They belong together, and the whole belongs to God.我的週身都屬於給的起兩先令的人 先生
My 'ole belongs to anyone that's got two shillings, sir.聽我説
Listen to me.我要你把這兩先令當成
I want you to see these two shillings as an act不需再履行的行爲
that's no longer necessary.它代替了...可以説是
It's in lieu, which is to say,任何你打算做的事
whatever you were about to do,求你 別這樣了
please, I beg you, don't.「求你了 他請求着 拽着他的絲質領結」
"Please," he begged, tugging at the silken bonds.「讓我走 我是個大人物」
"Let me go. I am an important man!"「那就告訴我 高貴的紳士」
"So tell me, exalted sir,「願意我的匕首從你身體哪部分刺進去?」
"where is it your pleasure to have this blade enter you?"先生
Sir.你遲到了
You're late.工作太辛苦吧 拉克漢先生?
Hard at work, Mr Rackham?我給你帶了東西
And I brought you something.我幾個朋友出版的
A couple of my friends produced it,它叫做「禱告的效力」
it's called The Efficacy of Prayer.「波德利與阿什韋」
"Bodley and Ashwell."眞是幼稚
How perfectly childish.他們是不是沒事可做了?
Have they nothing better to do?沒事可做
No, nothing而你卻...       在這裏
Whereas you...        Exactly!生意如何?       棒極了
How is the business?        Splendid.你的敵人呢?
And your rivals?競爭對手強硬麼?
Is the competition stiff?皮爾斯和亞德里非常頑強
Well, Pears and Yardley are unassailable.羅蘭和芮謎身體很好
Rowland and Rimmel are in good health.尼斯本生病了 也許是致命疾病
Nisbett is ailing, perhaps fatally.對不起 是不是很無聊?
I'm sorry, is this terribly dull?一直講生意上的事?       無聊?
All this talk of business?        Dull?還有誰比我
Who understands better than I更懂藝術和商業的聯繫?
the connection between commerce and art?我在想拉克漢産品的目錄
On which subject, I've been thinking about this Rackham's catalogue.熏衣草潤足霜
"Lavender foot balm.「腳臭是你的阿喀琉斯之踵嗎?」
"Are malodorous feet your Achilles' heel?"我知道
I know, I know.這是很早以前的
It was written years ago.爸爸寫的 一點也不優雅
Father's work. Hardly elegant.爲什麼不重寫?
So why not rewrite it?還太早了
It's early days.父親應該還沒準備好
I'm not sure Father's ready.該是你帶頭的時刻了 而不是隨波逐流
It's time for you to lead, not follow.讓我們的生意配的上拉克漢的名號
Let's make the business worthy of the Rackham name.是威廉·拉克漢
William Rackham, that is.沒有你我該怎麼辦
What would I do without you?(地址 切普斯托路)拉克漢太太
Mrs Rackham?你醒了
you're awake.是的 我想今天在樓下吃飯 克拉拉
Yes. I mean to take breakfast downstairs this morning, Clara.您記得拉克漢先生今天不在嗎?
Have you remembered that Mr Rackham is away?他去了丹地
He has gone to Dundee.所以您要一個人吃早餐嗎?
So you'll take breakfast alone?我覺得這樣更輕鬆
I think I shall find it easier that way.我今早感覺特別精神 克拉拉
I feel so light this morning, Clara,眞是無法描述的輕鬆
I can't tell you what a relief it is!早餐後 我要做我的裙子了
After breakfast, I shall work on my dresses.畢竟 社交季快到了
The season is almost upon us, after all.可以把它拿過來嗎?
Would you bring them for me?克拉拉 因爲...
Clara, with, erm...因爲社交季快到了 一定...
..with the season so close, there are certain, er...我還需要複習其他的技藝 比如...
skills I will need to remaster, such as, erm...走出去...
..going outside, and, erm...不需要人陪着 去散步
walking unsupported.我想一會兒可以試試
I was, I was thinking we might try later.如果您吃的消的話
If you feel up to it.也許等科魯醫生在的時候?
Perhaps after Dr Curlew's been round?可他一定...
But surely...今天他一定不會來吧?
Surely he isn't coming today?不 我...
No, I'm...我不要見他 克拉拉
I won't see him, Clara.就是不要
I simply won't.切普斯托路
Chepstow Villas.勞駕你遠道而來
I'm sorry you have come all this way不巧的是對你來説 我非常好
because, unfortunately, for you, I am quite well.我看你很蒼白
You're looking very pale to me.也許是因爲臉上撲的粉吧?
That may be the face powder, mayn't it?我不是告訴你不要用化粧品嗎?
Have I not cautioned you against the use of cosmetics?你不是説你已經扔...
And did you not tell me that you had disp...扔掉了 對 所以肯定不是
Disposed of it, yes. So I did. So it cannot be that.可是我太累 不想檢査了
But I am too tired to be examined.你的疲倦或許是疾病的症狀
Your tiredness may in itself be a symptom of illness.你每週都給我做檢査
You examine me every week.一次不做又會怎樣?
What harm can it do to leave it undone just this once?只有瘋女人纔願意讓自己惡化下去
Only a madwoman would willingly let her health decline...我不是瘋女人       所以我纔開口請求
I am not a madwoman!        Which is why I ask permission,而不是像對瘋人院的病人一樣強迫
rather than obliging you as I would an asylum inmate.克拉拉
Clara?我要留下嗎?
Should I stay?不用
No.疼痛是抗拒引起的
The pain lies entirely in the resistance.放鬆
Little more.再放鬆
Little more.好的
Good.謝謝
Thank you.這條裙子很難修補了 你覺得呢?
The dresses will be hard to mend, don't you think?不可能補好了
I don't think we can mend them.我做夢了 克拉拉
I dream, you know, Clara.夢?
Dream?夢到一個地方 不是...
Of a place. Not...一個不是眞實存在的地方
Not a place with a physical dimension, but one that does exist.到處都是鴿子
Full of nuns,她們溫柔的像天使
so gentle they might be angels.我希望她們來接我
I wish they'd send for me.我的上帝
My God.威廉·拉克漢
William Rackham.你得對我更好點了
You'll keep me better than you do now.(切普斯托路)
Chepstow Villas.等等
Wait, wait!我的天使
My angel...終於來了
come at last.<font color="#4096d1">第一集 終
謝謝觀賞</font>十九年前 我們開始相依爲命
19 years since we embarked on this life together.六年前 你悄悄走到我房間裏説
Six since you tiptoed to my room and told me有位先生給我取暖來了
there was a gentleman come to keep me warm.我對蘇糖的專屬佔有權
Exclusive patronage of Sugar, by me.過了這麼些年 你要離開我們啦
You're leaving us, then? After all these years?這是什麼?
What is this?這是你的
This is yours.也是我的
And mine.有位幸運的先生把傳説中的蘇糖買走了
Some lucky gent has taken the legendary Sugar off the market.我們還沒享受到她的魅力呢
Before we'd had the benefit of her charms.恐怕得説一切並不理想 你的子宮已經移位
I'm afraid all is not as it should be. Your womb has moved.艾格尼絲流産過?
Agnes lost a child?不 孩子生下來了      你們有小孩?
No, we have a child. We have?是個女孩 索菲
A daughter. Sophie.不舒服時 我就吃上兩片
On bad days I take a couple of these.相信我 你會連自己都不認得的
Trust me, you will hardly know yourself.我有個守護天使      我會回來找你的
I have a guardian angel. I will come back for you.我多麼渴望能和你住在一起
I wish for all the world that I could live with you.你們家族的男人腦子都有問題嗎?
What is the matter with the men in your family?福克斯太太快死了
Mrs Fox is dying.等不及想讓你也來了
I can't wait for you to join me.我不能作爲家庭教師
Could I not, in fact,和你住在一起嗎?
live with you as your new governess?你不是認眞的吧?
You're not serious?(本片含有部分性場面)
This programme contains scenes of a sexual nature.<font color="#4096d1"> ==破爛熊樂園傾情奉獻== 本字幕僅供學習交流，嚴禁用於商業用途</font><font color="#4096d1">紅玫瑰白玫瑰 第三集</font><font color=#4096d1>=破爛熊字幕組=
翻譯：tpring LOVEKEICO
校對：tpring
時間軸：學生看不到馬老師 tpring
正體字幕轉製及校對：Uriel</font>又被他們耽擱了
Held up. As usual.等等你 我胃口更好
Waiting for you has only ever sharpened my appetite.又要梳理亨利的家産
Trying to sort out Henry's estate還要處理那些雜事 唉
on top of everything else, it's just, ach!所以我們之間的安排也行不通了
Which is why our current arrangement is no longer viable.不能再在瑪麗勒本見面了
Marylebone must go.可是威廉...      攤子太大 我管不過來了
But William... I am stretched too thin.你不是總説...
How often have you said how...我們的見面能讓你放鬆嗎?
restorative you find our time together?沒錯 因此我想讓你搬到切普斯托路去
Indeed. Which is why I would like you to move to Chepstow Villas.做索菲的家庭教師
And become Sophie's governess.登堂入室
To live in your house?和你住在一起?      你不是也想這樣嗎?
With you? I thought that was what you wanted?你該不是改主意了吧      哦 威廉
Don't tell me you've changed your mind? Oh, William!拉克曼太太
Mrs Rackham!拉克曼先生?
Mr Rackham?沒空 萊蒂 我忙着呢
Not now, Letty. I'm busy.可是先生...
But sir...克萊爾發現艾格尼絲在花園裏埋她的日記
Clara has found Agnes burying her diaries in the garden.日記?      應該是想重新開始吧
Her diaries? Apparently she wants to make a fresh start.科魯想把她關起來
Curlew wants to lock her up.眞等不及要和你獨處了
I can't wait for you and I to be together.契斯曼 幫蘇糖小姐拿行李
Cheeseman! Take Miss Sugar's bags.我來吧
I'll take that.腳下當心 小姐
Mind yer step, Miss.萊蒂 這是...蘇糖小姐 新家庭教師
Letty, this is... Miss Sugar. Our new governess.幸會 小姐
How do you do, Miss?我希望...我相信她在這會很開心的
I hope... I trust she will be happy here.這房子眞美
Such a beautiful house.克萊弗女士上火車前會跟你談的
Miss Cleave will speak with you before she leaves for her train.請跟我去你的房間
Allow me to show you to your room.這是拉克曼太太的房間
Mrs Rackham's room.還有我的
And my own.房間沒有你原來的寬敞
The room is not as spacious as you're used to.對
No.不過能讓我們靠近一些就行了
But it will oblige us to remain very close together.抱歉 先生      放那就行
Excuse me, Sir. Just come through with it.克萊弗女士會給你講我女兒的情況
Miss Cleave will tell you all you need to know about my daughter.毫無疑問 還有很多別的吩咐
And much more besides, I don't doubt.拉克曼夫人也會來嗎?
And will Mrs Rackham be joining us?我想不會的
I don't think so.我本來打算心照不宣的
I had hoped this would go without saying,可是你最好能看好索菲
but it would be best if you could take care of Sophie讓拉克曼太太在日常活動中
in a manner that allows Mrs Rackham to go about her general business見不到索菲
without actually seeing Sophie.根本不見面?      正是
At all? Exactly.那孩子讓她煩躁
She finds the child disturbing.萊蒂 別放這裏 別放這裏 天啊
Letty! Not in here! Not in here! For heaven's sake!和其他垃圾一起放更衣室去
Put it in the dressing room with all the other junk...西班牙獵犬都要有眼色些
I swear a Spaniel takes better instructions.別推 小心摔壞
No, don't push it! You'll break it.這反應也太誇張了
This is a preposterous overreaction.恕難苟同 我只是想埋葬過去
You will forgive me if I disagree. I merely wished to bury the past.不能容許我無牽無掛地向前走嗎?
Am I not permitted to go forward unencumbered?克萊弗女士?
Miss Cleave?眞抱歉 我耽誤你了
Forgive me, I have kept you.蘇糖小姐 我在這個家裏八年了
Miss Sugar. Eight years I have been in this house.從孩子的奶媽當到保姆
In that time I have been both wet and dry nurse to this child.老天      你會發現 索菲本質不壞
Heavens. You will find Sophie in the main a wellmeaning thing.她不笨 可她太容易分心
She isn't stupid but her mind is very easily jolted off the rails.這種時候就需要嚴格要求
At such times a firm hand is required.不要讓她走上...瘋狂之路
We don't want her going the way of a... a Bedlamite.我會牢記的
I'll bear that in mind.我們有兩套牀單互換
We alternate two sets of sheets.她還尿牀呢 你知道嗎?
She wets the bed, you know?牀單還沒乾 你得過會再來
The sheets are not yet dry, you'll have to come down later.現在 該把你正式介紹給孩子了
Now, you must be formally introduced to the child.克萊弗女士 我聽説你要趕火車
Miss Cleave, I believe you have a train to catch.請讓我自己去見索菲吧
Please allow me to introduce myself to Sophie.那你要當心 這孩子很會裝
Just watch out. She can be quite the little actress.一不小心你就會被她耍的團團轉
She'll twist you round her little finger if you're not careful.早安 索菲...
Good morning, Soph...對不起
Forgive me.你在睡覺
You were sleeping.我是蘇糖小姐
I am Miss Sugar.你好 小姐
How do you do, Miss?我知道你叫索菲 你和你父親眞像
I know you are Sophie. You so closely resemble your father.索菲 你還有別的房間嗎?
Sophie, do you have another room?比如遊戲室?
A playroom, perhaps?那你的玩具放哪裏呢?
So where do you keep your toys?玩具你總該有吧?
You do have toys, don't you?我有他
I have him.他叫唐寧
His name's Twinings.是我爺爺給我的
My grandpa gave him to me.他本來騎着錫做的大象 裏面有茶葉
He was riding a tin elephant with tea inside,可是那個被他們拿走了
but they took that away.他這麼帥 不能老關在箱子裏啊
He's much too handsome to be shut up in that dusty chest.克萊弗女士説
Miss Cleave says臭烘烘的舊娃娃不能進我乾淨的房間
I'm not to have a smelly old doll in my good clean room.她説她討厭這張黑臉
She says she doesn't like to look at his black face.克萊弗女士已經走了
Well, Miss Cleave has gone now.我想讓他和我們一起上課
I should like him to join us for our lessons.現在我躺下睡覺 (兒童晚禱詞 1784)
Now I lay me down to sleep.請主守護我的靈魂
I pray the Lord, my soul to keep.如果我醒來之前死去
See me safely through the night請主帶我靈魂同行 阿門
and wake me with the morning light. Amen.怎麼了 有問題嗎?
What... What is it? What's wrong?你像你父親嗎 小姐?      哦
Do you resemble your father, Miss? Oh...這個問題有意思 索菲
That's a very good question, Sophie.我倒沒想過
I've never thought about it.還是你比較喜歡你媽媽?
Perhaps you favour your Mama?一點都不喜歡 你喜歡你媽媽麼?
Not at all. Do you favour yours?我也不知道 我生日之後就沒見過她了
I couldn't say. I haven't seen her since my birthday.「親愛的日記 我已經被恐懼攫住」
'Dear diary, I am gripped by terror.「他們叫來科魯醫生 他的黑包嚇壞了我」
'Dr Curlew has been called and his black bag frightens me.「我求克拉拉別放他進來」
'I have begged Clara not to let him in「可她説人人都在擔心孩子」
but she prattles that everyone is worried about the baby.「已經夠遲了」
'How very late it is「肯定快了什麼的」
'and that it must come soon.「這是説誰的孩子?」
'Whose baby can this be?'「眞希望威廉請人來家裏之前告訴我一聲」
I wish William would inform me about whom he invites to this house. '至愛的
Dearest.我正在想要不要去找你呢
I haven't known whether to come and find you.不 不 最好別去
No, no, better not.你過得怎樣?
How are you getting on?後悔來這了 對吧?      一點也沒有
You rue the day you came, don't you? Not at all!你看上去很疲憊
You have a weary look.要不要我請個保姆幫你?
Would you like me to hire you a nursery maid?不 不用 我確實沒睡覺
No, that's not necessary. It's true I haven't slept but,不過那得怪牀
that's because of this bed.太小了 我就知道
It's too small, I knew it.威廉 它還沒被洗禮過呢
William, it hasn't been christened.還記得我們的第一次嗎?
Do you remember our first time?哦 我可夠丟人的
Oh! What a disgrace I was then.可我看出你有很棒的潛質了
But I knew you were a great man in the making.你照顧索菲眞的沒問題嗎?
Are you really managing all right with Sophie?我們在一起很開心
We are very happy.我想知道
I did wonder,她生日是哪天?
when's her birthday?八月...
August the...某日 怎麼?
something. Why?哦 索菲告訴我
Well, Sophie told me that她從生日那天就沒見過艾格尼絲了
she hadn't seen Agnes since her birthday.她是説她出生那天
She means since the day she was born.早安 萊蒂
Good morning, Letty.早安 索菲
Good morning, Sophie.對不起 小姐 我是壞孩子
I'm sorry, Miss. I'm bad.不 索菲 你不是壞孩子
No, Sophie, no, you're not bad.一點都不是
Not at all.快來擦擦乾淨吧
Let's get you clean.我下面好痛
I'm sore down there.那是你在濕牀單上睡太久了
Well, you've been sleeping in wet sheets for too long.克萊弗女士有專門給你準備的藥膏嗎?
Did Miss Cleave have a special cream she used on you?我去給你拿點吧
Well, I'll get you some.我一直期盼着見你 福克斯太太
I cannot tell you how anxious I have been to see you, Mrs Fox.她們説你近來的康復...
They say your recent recovery is...完全是個奇蹟
nothing short of miraculous.奇蹟舉世罕見 拉克曼太太
Miracles are rare, Mrs Rackham.我還是相信我只是被調養痊癒了而已
I prefer to think I was simply nursed back to health.得了吧
Come now!亨利向我們保證他看到你就要死了
Henry assured us he had seen you on your deathbed!對 亨利看到的是我最糟的時候
Henry saw me at my very worst, it's true.我也很遺憾      你去的是健康修院
And I regret that. You've been to the Convent of Health...對嗎?
.. haven't you?不 是聖巴多羅買醫院
No. St Bartholomew's Hospital.你是...眞的想告訴我
Are you... Are you seriously asking me to believe that你被救出
you were snatched那神祕惡魔的利齒 靠的只是調養好?
from the jaws of youknowwhat by nothing more than good nursing?你説的那家修院我從未耳聞
The convent of which you speak is not known to me.若我捫心自問 福克斯太太
If I am scrupulously honest, Mrs Fox,我也不知道它的確切位置
its precise location is a mystery to me.幸好 他們給我派了位天使護身
Luckily, they have provided me with an angel escort,時機成熟就會帶我去的
ready for when the time comes.「我身下的擔架升起」
'The stretcher on which I lie is lifted「經過灑滿陽光的林蔭 被擡向修院大門」
'and carried through the sunlit trees to the gates of the convent.「我聽見來時的火車拉響汽笛
'I hear the train which delivered me hooting and踏上歸程」
moving off on its return journey.「將我護在羽翼下的天使 她就在門口守候」
'She whom has taken me under her wing is waiting at the gates.「我被擡進修院
'I'm carried into the convent,放在它中心的一間溫暖小房間」
into a warm cell at its very heart,「彩繪玻璃窗之下 五光十色」
'which glows in colours from the stainedglass windows. '相信我
Trust me.早安 索菲
Morning, Sophie!索菲 好姑娘
Sophie, good girl.謝謝 小姐
Thank you, Miss.今天要辛苦了 拉克曼太太?
Hard at work, today, Mrs Rackham?是啊 克拉拉
Yes, indeed, Clara.如果波德利和阿什韋
If Bodley and Ashwell,威廉的笨蛋朋友可以出版
those idiot friends of William's, can publish books他們那些生活隨感的書
that are no more than their opinions about life,我爲什麼不能?
well, why can't I?您在寫書?
You're writing a book?就像寫日記 只不過是拿去出版的
It will be like my diary, but for the public.好多同道中人都在翹首期盼
A great web of likeminded souls all waiting on「艾格尼絲·皮戈特的
The Illuminated Thoughts and眞知灼見與奇思妙想」呢
Preternatural Reflections of Agnes Piggott.那纔是我的閨名 你知道嗎?
That's my real name, you know?聽起來很有趣
It sounds fascinating.要是我沒把舊日記都埋掉就好了
If only I hadn't buried all my old writings.那可是多好的研究素材呀
They'd have been such invaluable research material.哦 我相信它們的源泉還會靈感噴涌的
Oh, I'm sure there's plenty more where that came from.對
Yes.新書      我朝你父親要的
New books! I asked your father for them.你舊的那些都過時了
Your old ones are out of date.歷史在前進
History is on the move.你每天都在變 你身邊的世界也在變
You change every day and so does everything around you.連你也是?
Even you?連我也是
Even me.貓頭鷹和貓咪出海去玩兒
The owl and the pussycat went to sea坐着豆綠色的船兒 (「貓頭鷹和貓咪」李爾 1871)
in a beautiful peagreen boat他們帶了點蜂蜜 錢帶的不少
They had some honey and plenty of money外邊包上一張五塊錢的鈔票
wrapped up in a fivepound note貓頭鷹看一眼天上的月亮
The owl looked up at the stars above and彈着小吉他輕輕的歌唱...
sang to his small guitar...你晚上冷嗎? 天轉涼了
Are you cold at night, now the weather's turned?要不要加塊毯子?      好的 謝謝
Would you like another blanket? Yes, please.你怎麼知道?
How did you know?你小時候 保姆也會給你加塊毯子嗎?
Did your nurse bring you an extra blanket when you were a little girl?不會 所以我纔知道你想要一塊
No. But that's how I know you'd like one.看 有條蟲子在拱
Look, there's a wiggly worm!威廉 我們誰都聊到了 就是沒聊你
William, we have discussed everyone except you.你的生活越來越神祕了 我眞好奇
Your life is becoming quite shrouded in mystery and I am so curious.比如説 你給女兒找到家庭教師沒有?
Did you, for example, ever find a governess for your daughter?找到了 謝謝
Yes, I did, thank you.該不是被挽救的失足少女吧?
Not a rescue girl, I hope?爲什麼這麼想?
What makes you think that?福克斯太太在努力説服每個
Well, Mrs Fox is striving to convince anyone with the least缺僕人的人接納她的改造成果
servant problem to take one of her reformed specimens.她可不敢再找我了
She knows better than to approach me.我收了一個在廚房裏
I had a rescue girl in my kitchen,馬上就得開除了
was obliged to dismiss her very swiftly.怎麼 出了什麼事?
Why? What happened?體面人面前不好啓齒
Nothing I could discuss in polite company.我算體面人嗎?
Am I polite company?哦 威廉 你可是自成一派
Oh, William. You are sui generis!我覺得和你什麼都能談
I feel as if I could discuss any subject with you.它就是這樣 我説吧      蘇糖小姐 我又找到一個
Yes, he is, isn't he? Miss Sugar, I found another one.蘇糖小姐 你好嗎?
Miss Sugar, how do you do?我很好 謝謝 先生
Very well, thank you, Sir.今天天氣不錯
A brighter day today.對 對 所以我帶索菲到戸外上課
Yes, yes, it is. I brought Sophie outside for her lesson.她太蒼白了      淑女越蒼白越好
She's grown so pale. A lady can never be too pale.可孩子需要新鮮空氣
But a child needs some air.我發現索菲眞是個努力的孩子
I find Sophie such a hardworking little girl.那你太幸運了
How very agreeable for you.很好 索菲
Very good, Sophie.蘇糖小姐
Miss Sugar.拉克曼先生 一會如果您有空
Mr Rackham? Might I have a word with you later,我能否跟您談談?
when you have a moment?當然可以
Of course.那位女士是誰 索菲?
Who is that lady, Sophie?我不知道 小姐 可我見過她
I don't know, Miss. I've seen her before.我父親誇我是個好孩子 小姐
My father says I was a good girl, Miss.他不是那麼説的
That's not what he said.你想見我
You wanted to see me?對
Yes!我想你了
I miss you.今天看見你在花園裏
To see you in the garden today卻不能碰你 眞是痛苦
and not be able to touch you was torture.眞的?
Really?我太邋遢了
I feel so dowdy.我的好衣服都在箱子裏呢
All my good clothes are in the trunk.照顧蘇菲不需要你原來的行頭
You don't need your old getups to take care of Sophie.嗯 那倒是
No, of course not.可我不想你對我膩味      膩味?
But I don't want you to grow bored of me. Bored?蘇糖 你拯救了我
Sugar, you saved me!你不知道我在這房子裏感覺多陌生
You can't imagine how much of a stranger I felt in this house.可是你來了...
But then you arrived and...這是我們的家了
We have a home here.正是
Exactly that.我很感激
And I am grateful.多感激?      感激不盡
How grateful? Very grateful.不過我得走了
But I must go now.波德利和阿什韋要發佈新書了
Bodley and Ashwell are launching their new book.「社會至惡」
The Great Social Evil.忙完了再來?
Perhaps later?看吧
We'll see.是誰?      蘇糖小姐 對不起
Who's there? Miss Sugar, I'm sorry!我...我在找拉克曼太太
I just, I need to check for Mrs Rackham.簡妮? 克拉拉?
Janey? Clara?艾格尼絲 你在哪?
Agnes, where are you?艾格尼絲?
Agnes?艾格尼絲 你在哪?
Agnes, where are you?拉克曼太太
Mrs Rackham?我的天使
My angel!我就知道你會來的
I knew you'd come!艾格尼絲 你幹什麼了?
Agnes, what have you done?求你 我準備好了
Please, I'm ready.救我走      我...我不能
Get me away! I... I can't.你是我唯一希望了
You're my only hope.我會救你的
I will help you.什麼時候      快了
When? Soon.你保證 你保證?
You promise? You promise?!對 可是首先我得告訴他們你很安全
Yes. But first I have to let them know you're safe.安全?
Safe?在這所房子裏 和他在一起?
In this house? With him?別怕 艾格尼絲
Don't worry, Agnes.我在守望着你
I'm watching you.我能看見一切
I see everything.別動
Stay still.拉克曼先生
Mr Rackham!我跟你説了幾個月了
I've been telling you for months,你妻子需要離開這裏 由專家治療
your wife requires specialist treatment away from this house.我就是要求你讓她快點痊癒
I am asking you to help hasten her recovery,就在這裏 她自己家裏
here, in her own home.沒人會指責丈夫因爲妻子摔斷腿
Nobody blames a man for sending his wife to hospital或染上天花就把她送進醫院
if she has a broken leg or contracts smallpox!這有什麼可比性
That is a facetious comparison.哦 拉克曼 別再自欺欺人
Oh, Rackham. You simply have to rid yourself of this notion以爲你妻子很健康
that your wife is a well person只是偶爾犯病
who suffers occasional bouts of illness.她已經重病纏身 只是偶爾會好一天
She is a very sick person who occasionally has a good day.她最近狀態非常好...
She's been doing marvellously well these...好什麼好
Of course she hasn't!這可笑的鬧劇該收場了
Now, this absurd pantomime has gone too far.艾格尼絲是時候承認她是個母親了
It's high time Agnes admitted to being a mother.我對她無計可施了
She has me at my wits' end.我中了什麼邪要叫科魯來啊
And why the hell did I ever call Curlew?!好了 親愛的        他想把我妻子關進地獄
Hush, my love. He wants me to condemn my wife to a living hell就因爲她不會埋東西
because she can't use a spade.威廉 你冷靜點
William, you're beside yourself.今後她倒是不會找麻煩了
She'll be no trouble from now on, though. Oh, no.科魯總算有用了一回
Curlew has finally made himself useful in that respect.什麼意思?      要給她用鎭靜藥了
What do you mean? She's to be sedated.整日整夜
Day and night.這至於嗎?      我剛纔怎麼跟你説的?
Is that necessary? What have I just been telling you?!整日整夜
Day and night.你明白嗎?
Do you understand?!我的天使
My angel.傑西·夏普樂頓剛從桑吉巴回來
Jessie Sharpleton, just back from Zanzibar,還有克勞倫斯·弗里
and Clarence Ferry.噢 他是「她之墮落」的作者
Ah, he wrote Her Regrettable Lapse.我在赫馬基特見過這本書
I saw it at the Haymarket.我多麼喜愛和這些新時代的同行相聚
How I love to be surrounded by my denizens of the age to come.我説 拉克曼      沃森勳爵
I say, Rackham. Lord Watson.你小子夠忙的
You've been a busy chap.我在威尼斯的藥鋪裏都能看見你的臉
Even in the apothecaries in Venice I find your phiz,瓶瓶罐罐上全印着
stamped on all the little pots and bottles.摩登時代的奇蹟 先生
A miracle of the modern age, sir.我身在倫敦 就可以在巴黎
I can be making a fool of myself in Venice and和威尼斯傻名遠揚
Paris without ever leaving London!説的好
Very good!克拉拉 拉克曼太太能坐起來眞是少見
Clara, I am surprised to see Mrs Rackham sitting up.我的疼痛減輕了 所以克拉拉減少了藥的劑量
Clara has decreased my medication now that I am in less pain.這不是克拉拉能決定的
That is not a decision for Clara.是我吩咐的
She was doing as I asked.我遭受了最大的羞辱
I have suffered a most humiliating rebuff.馬車伕説他被禁止載我去教堂
Cheeseman says he's forbidden to take me to church.親愛的 今天是星期五
My dear. It's Friday.我的教堂
My church.我需要奇蹟的治癒 威廉
I need a miracle of healing, William.可是艾格尼絲 你不能走動
But Agnes... Agnes, you cannot walk.馬伕可以背着我     別
Cheeseman can carry me. No.我不想讓你成爲笑柄
I will not have you become a laughing stock.你到底有多怯懦 多死板 威廉
What a cowardly, conventional man you are, William.艾格尼絲 你生病了
Agnes, you are ill.我是爲了照顧你
I'm trying to take care of you.你什麼時候照顧了我?
When have you ever taken care of me?什麼時候?!
When? When?!艾格尼斯 別
Agnes, no!別 艾格尼斯...
No, Agnes...別在僕人面前這樣!
Agnes, not in front of the servant!艾格尼絲 停下
Agnes! Stop it!艾格尼絲
Agnes!我的身體快變成行屍走肉了
My body is turning into raw meat and而你卻只在乎別人怎麼想
all you care about is what other people think!艾格尼絲 看在上帝份上!     拉克曼太太 求你了!
Agnes, for pity's sake! Mrs Rackham, please!停下來 停下來!
Stop it, stop it!你弄痛我了
You're hurting me.找別人玩吧
Go play with someone else.(親愛的科魯醫生 您最近...)
dear dr. curlew, how...索菲
Sophie.看到你下樓眞好
How nice it is to see you downstairs.你的媽媽在哪 小姐?
Where is your mama, Miss?她在家 自己的房子裏
She's at home, in her house.一個人嗎?     不
All alone? No.有人會來看她
She has visitors.下一張卡是爲她做的
The next card I make is for her.很期待 索菲
We'll see, Sophie.上個聖誕節 你在照顧誰?
Who were you looking after last Christmas?一個小男孩 克里斯托弗
A little boy, Christopher.現在誰照顧他?
Who's looking after him now?不知道
I don't know.總可以再給他做張卡吧?
Surely we should make him a card?聖誕快樂 所有人
Merry Christmas, one and all!艾格尼絲呢?
Where's Agnes?樓上 睡着呢
Upstairs, sleeping.噢 用鎭定劑了吧 這樣最好
Ah, doped up. Better for everybody.這我不好説
I don't know about that,可是索菲可以第一次加入我們了
but it does mean that Sophie can join us for the first time.看看孩子都長這麼大了!
Will you look at the size of the child!哈哈!
Haha!現在告訴我 禮物在哪裏?
Now, then, where are the presents?謝謝 索菲小姐
Oh, thank you, Miss Sophie.謝謝
Thank you.謝謝你 索菲小姐
Thank you, Miss Sophie.蘇糖小姐     別 索菲...
Oh, Miss Sugar. No, no. Er, Sophie...請讓我來
Please, allow me.拉克曼先生 你眞是善良仁厚
Erm, Mr Rackham, that's very generous.是書嗎 小姐?     是的 索菲
Books, Miss? Yes, Sophie.莎士比亞
Shakespeare.你父親和我的共同愛好
Your father and I share a passion.索菲小姐
Miss Sophie.這個珍貴的儀器來自於我
This is a precision instrument entrusted to me曾經遇到的一位探險家
by an explorer I once met.讓我來告訴你它的用法
Let me show you how it works.你把這個取下來 從這邊看過去
You take this off, look through the window.讓我來 索菲
Allow me, Sophie.嘴張開!
Open up!小姐?     嗯?
Miss? Hmm?我長大後 能當探險家嗎?
Do you think I could be an explorer when I'm older?爲什麼不能呢
I don't see why not.也許這不合規矩 女性探險家
It mightn't be permitted, a lady explorer.現在是摩登時代了 索菲
These are modern times, Sophie.女人現在什麼都能做
Women can do all sorts of things nowadays.也許我能去那些 男士探險家們
Perhaps I could explore the places the gentlemen explorers不想去的地方
just don't wish to explore.也許你可以的
Perhaps you could.現在叫醒媽媽也沒用了
There's no use anyone waking my mama now,是嗎 小姐?
is there, Miss?她錯過了一切
She has missed everything.她病的很嚴重 索菲
She is very ill, Sophie.我想她很快會死掉 然後被他們埋進土裏
I think she'll die soon and they'll put her in the ground.如果你願意的話
If you like,我們可以一起讀讀明天要給你的書
we can read the book I gave you tomorrow.好的 我願意
Yes. Yes, I'd like that.晚安 蘇糖小姐
Goodnight, Miss Sugar.上帝保佑你      你也是 索菲
And God bless. You too, Sophie.克里斯托弗?
Christopher?「科魯向我彎下腰」
"Dr Curlew leans over me.「沒人能阻止他的行爲」
There is noone to stop him having his way.「他把雙手放在我的腹部 我體內的惡魔」
"He places his hands on my belly and the demon inside me「暴怒起來 左衝右突 想要撕裂我逃出來」
"lunges in rage and terror and then tears its way out of me.「星星在我眼中炸開」
"Stars burst behind my eyes.「一瞬間 我瞥見這骯髒的生物」
"I glimpse the vile creature only for an instant.「一絲不掛 黏黏的 滿身是血」
"Naked, made of blood and slime. "很快你就會到對你更好的地方 親愛的
Soon you'll be in a place where you'll get better, my love.你也想好好的 對吧 艾格尼絲?
You do want to be good, don't you, Agnes?「行善吧 好姑娘」(查爾斯·金斯利)
Be good, sweet maid.熱...
Hot...你覺得熱
Are you hot?第一次的晚上我不是故意弄疼你的
I didn't mean to hurt you that first night.我是太着急了 忘乎所以
I was made hasty by urgency.我以爲...
And I thought...我以爲開始了你就會感到愉悅的
I thought once we were under way you would enjoy it.「六個壯漢 把我擡起」
# Six strong men, lift me up「噢 別讓我掉下去」
# Oh, no, don't let me fall... #已經過了很久了
It's just been such a long time.別害怕 親愛的
Don't be afraid, dear heart.讓我來擁抱你
I'm going to embrace you.如果疼了就告訴我 好嗎?
You'll let me know if I hurt you, won't you?我絶對不會傷害你
I wouldn't hurt you for the world.「他們紮了我的手 我的腳」
# They've pierced my hands and feet.「把我的骨頭都數過」(《聖經舊約·詩篇》22)
# They've numbered all my bones. #救我!
Help me!救我
Help me.請救救我
Help me, please.艾格尼絲
Agnes.他們給我毒藥 傷害我
They give me poison and they hurt me.他傷害我
He hurts me,他的醫生也一樣
and his doctor does the same.在我同一個地方
In the same place, always.那個醫生傷害你?
The doctor hurts you?他刺進我體內
He pushes inside.用他的尖鋭的喙挖我鑿我
He digs away at me with his sharp beak.艾格尼絲 沒人會再傷害你了
Agnes, noone is going to hurt you any more.他們想殺掉我
They're going to kill me.蟲子吞噬了我的日記
Worms have eaten my diaries.沒人會知道我存在過
Noone will know I existed!艾格尼絲 你的日記在我這裏很安全
Agnes, your diaries are safe with me.過來 我帶你回牀上
Come on, let's get you to bed.幾點了?     七點了 小姐 拉克曼先生在找你了
What time is it? Seven, Miss. And Mr Rackham's asking for you.「我們肉體所承受的苦難終將結束」
"But our suffering in the flesh will some day end.「在睡夢中我已經穿越 看到了」
"I have myself travelled in my sleep to see the place「我們將被渡入第二軀體的地方」
where we will pass into our second body,「天堂裏的天使們保護着我們」
"kept safe for us by the angels of paradise. "我在艾格尼絲房間裏找到的
I found it in Agnes' room.看起來她在寫小説
It seems she's writing a novel.她故事講得不錯 不是嗎?
She tells a good story, doesn't she?你在開玩笑嗎?
Are you making a joke?當然不是...     這是發瘋!
No, of course not... It is madness!整個精神錯亂
It's complete lunacy.好吧 這只是她的一種慰籍...
Well, she's just consoling...別説了!
Stop it!艾格尼絲還是得送走
Agnes is to be put away.去精神病院 明天就走
In an asylum. She leaves tomorrow.科魯會監督她的治療     可是威廉
Curlew will supervise her treatment. But William...她會被悉心照料的
She will be meticulously cared for.我意已決
The decision has been made.好吧 那這樣説的話
Well, in that case,好像不需要叫我來
I can't think what you need to know from me.我需要知道自己不是禽獸!
I need to know I'm not a monster!願上帝原諒我 蘇糖
God forgive me, Sugar他們來的時候 我呆在這會受不了
I can't bear to be here when they come.我會去俱樂部
I'll stay at my club.如果艾格尼絲反抗呢?
What if Agnes should resist?她會先被麻醉
She will be sedated.科魯先生找了四個壯漢一起來
And Curlew will have four strong men with him.四個?     確保一切顯得體面些
Four? To ensure that it proceeds with dignity.艾格尼絲會被治好的
Agnes will be cured.科魯保證了
Curlew swears it.她會回到家
She will come home我們讓她見到索菲
and we shall introduce her to Sophie.最後成爲眞正的媽媽
She'll be a mother at last.整棟房子的人死絶了嗎?
Damn it, is the entire house asleep?!再來杯威士忌嗎 先生?     是的
Another whisky, sir? Yes.哦 天啊 天啊
'Oh, deary, deary.可憐的寳貝
'You poor baby. '別!
No!你需要一個溫軟的牀舖
'You need a nice, soft bed好好躺下
'to lie down in. '不要 離我遠一點
No. No. Get away from me.你不是説眞的吧
You don't mean that.讓我一個人呆着!
Leave me alone! Leave me alone.親愛的?
Oh, deary?艾格尼絲 醒醒
Agnes. Agnes, wake up.喝了它
Drink this.全喝完
Drink it all up.我會回來 別睡過去
I'll be back. Don't go back to sleep.時候到了?
Is it time?照我説的做 艾格尼絲
'Do exactly as I say, Agnes.我會守望着你 別擔心
'I'll be watching you. Don't worry.目的地會顯現在你面前
'The right destination will reveal itself to you.你所選即是目的地
'The place you choose will be the right place因爲是你選擇了它
because you chose it. '洛斯特威西爾 (康沃爾郡 英國西南)
Lostwithiel蘇糖小姐?
Miss Sugar?我眞的不知道她去了哪裏
I really have no idea where she could have gone.我眞的很難相信 拉克曼太太
I find it very hard to believe that Mrs Rackham能夠逃出這裏
could have made her way out into the world不是有人幫她
without the help of someone.女人可以做出很多不可思議的事
It is remarkable what a woman can do如果用盡她全副心智的話
when she sets her mind to it.她根本沒有全副心智
What's left of her mind.這對拉克曼先生一定是很嚴重的打擊
This will be such a blow for Mr Rackham.希望拉克曼太太會在他之前回來
I do hope Mrs Rackham returns before he does.是啊
Indeed.拉克曼太太身體極度虛弱
Mrs Rackham is an extremely vulnerable individual.如果有人幫助過她...
And if someone has helped her...這就等同於謀殺
.. well, that's tantamount to murder.當你到達目的地
'When you arrive at your destination,走進郷邨裏
'walk deep into the countryside.問修院的路怎麼走
'Ask to be shown to the convent.永不放棄
'Don't take no for an answer.答應我
'Promise. '<font color="#4096d1">第三集 終
謝謝觀賞</font>這是本仇恨的書 用來報復每個外強中乾的
It's a book of hate, to wreak revenge on every pompous爬上卡特韋夫人門檻的小爬蟲
trembling worm who taps at Mrs Castaway's door!你是...?      蘇糖就是我的姓名
And you are? Sugar is all there is to my name.你的人生從今以後就不同了
Your life is going to be very different from now on.我想讓你搬到切普斯托路去
I would like you to move to Chepstow Villas.和你住在一起?
To live in your house?做索菲的家庭教師
And become Sophie's governess.十九年前      母親
19 years... Mother...我們開始相依為命
.. since we embarked on this life together.你的生活越來越神祕了 我眞好奇
Your life is becoming quite shrouded in mystery. I am so curious.那位女士是誰 索菲?
Who is that lady, Sophie?艾格尼絲 你幹什麼了?
Agnes, what have you done?求你 我準備好了 救我走
Please, I'm ready. Get me away!你是我唯一希望了
You're my only hope!我還是你的小女孩嗎?
Am I still your little girl?對 當然是
Yes, of course you are.我不是瘋女人
I am not a madwoman!艾格尼絲還是得送走
Agnes is to be put away.可是威廉...
But, William...再沒有人能傷害你了      時候到了?
Noone is going to hurt you any more. Is it time?洛斯特威西爾 (康沃爾郡 英國西南)
Lostwithiel.<font color="#4096d1"> ==破爛熊樂園傾情奉獻==
本字幕僅供學習交流，嚴禁用於商業用途</font><font color="#4096d1">紅玫瑰白玫瑰 第四集</font><font color=#4096d1>=破爛熊字幕組=
翻譯：tpring LOVEKEICO
校對：tpring
時間軸：tpring </font>
正體中文轉製及校對：Uriel(本片含有部分粗口)
This programme contains some strong language.(可能引起部分觀衆不安的場面)
scenes which some viewers may find disturbing.(以及性場面)
scenes of a sexual nature.我得報告警...警...
I have to t tell the p... p...太激動了對你不好
It's worse when you excite yourself....警察
.. the police!我得報告警察
I have to tell the police.艾格尼絲可能急需營救
Agnes may be in need of urgent rescue!當然 威廉 可...
Of course, William, but...這不是簡單的生死問題
It's not a simple question of being dead or alive.她的處境可能生不如死
There is a fate worse than death.可能就在此刻 一個卡特韋太太那樣的老錢婆
As we speak, some foul hag, such as your Mrs Castaway, could be正在把她往妓院裏送
installing her in some bawdy house!艾格尼絲那麼虛弱 應該沒人會那樣利用她的
I'm quite sure Agnes is too frail to be made use of in that way.你沒讀過「狂歡指南」嗎?
Haven't you read More Sprees?病入膏肓的女子也是一門生意呢
There's a nice little trade going in dying girls.還是你忘光了?
Or perhaps you'd forgotten?她老跟你嘮叨的這個「健康修院」
Where was this "Convent of Health"怎麼回事?
that she blathered onto you about?我覺得 那不是現實存在的地方
Well, I'm not sure it was a place that had a physical reality.你知道她失蹤過吧?
You know she disappeared before?蘇糖小姐找到她的 一半腳趾都被雪凍掉了
Miss Sugar found her with half her toes sliced off in the snow.蘇糖小姐?      女家庭教師
Miss Sugar? The governess.她不是我們改造的女人吧?
She's not a rescue girl, is she?天啊 説哪裏話 當然不是
Oh, for heaven's sake! Of course not.艾米麗 你太沈迷這個了
Emmeline, you're becoming fixated on that subject!「讓我想想 早晨就覺得」(愛麗絲夢遊仙境)
Let me think. I always think I can remember feeling...「有點不對頭」
a little different.「可如果我不是自己 接着就該問」
But if I am not the same, the next question is,「我能是誰呢?」
who in the world am I?「唉 眞是個謎呀」
That's the great puzzle.很高興你喜歡你的聖誕禮物書 索菲
I'm so glad you're enjoying your Christmas book, Sophie.小姐 我媽媽還在逃跑嗎?
Miss, has my mama still run away?對
Yes.對 她還在逃跑      到歷史了嗎?
Yes, she has. Is it history now?你説什麼?      歷史 亨利八世?
I beg your pardon? History? Henry VIII?不 我記得先是地理
Er, no, geography first, I think.給我畫幾個澳大利亞的動物好不好?
Why don't you draw me some animals from Australia?你和艾格尼絲親近嗎?
Were you and Agnes close?親近?
Close?我們基本不認識
We barely knew each other.她告訴克拉拉 在雪地裏找到她的
She told Clara the person who f... f... found her in the snow是她唯一的朋友
was her only friend in the world.她當時神志不清
She was very disturbed.我只是送她回房而已
I merely escorted her back to the house.她根本不認識你
She didn't know you at all,可是卻信任你?
yet she trusted you?她也沒理由不信啊
Well, she had no reason not to.小姐      嗯?
Miss. Uhum?亨利八世這麼想要兒子
If Henry VllI wanted a son so badly,為什麼不娶個有兒子的女士呢?
why didn't he marry a lady who already had one?因為要做王儲
Because to be the king's true heir必須是國王的血脈
you need to be of the king's blood.孩子是血做的嗎?
Are babies made of blood?不是
No.孩子從這裏長出來
Babies are grown in here.怎麼長出來?
How?嗯 如果我有個丈夫
Well, if I had a husband,他會在我身體裏播種
he would plant a seed in me我就會懷上孩子
and I would have a baby.那我是從媽媽體内來的?
I came out of Mama, then?絳紅的花瓣睡了 (A·丁尼生 1847)
Now sleeps the crimson petal雪白的同眠去
Now the white御道邊絲柏不再婆娑搖擺
Nor waves the cypress in the palace walk花崗岩池中不再波光粼粼
Nor winks the gold fin in the porphyry font螢火蟲醒來 喚醒了我和你
The firefly wakens Waken thou with me乳白的孔雀收屏如鬼魅
Now droops the milkwhite peacock like a ghost魅影在我眼前明明滅滅
And like a ghost she glimmers unto me大地如達納厄 灑滿星光
Now lies the Earth All Danae to the stars你便與我心心相印
And all thy heart lies open unto me.流星無聲掠過 只留下
Now slides the silent meteor on And leaves一條金線 如我對你的思念
a shining furrow as thy thoughts in me.哦 萊蒂
Oh, Letty!抱歉 我看書看睡着了
Sorry, I fell asleep, reading.幾點了      沒事 還很早 不過
What time is it? No, it's early, only.拉克曼先生在找你
Mr Rackham was looking for you.他被叫走了
He's been fetched away.這種環境裏 要辨認很困難 先生
Identification will be difficult in these circumstances, sir.請多注意那些沒腐爛的部分
Try and focus on the parts that are least corrupted.提醒您一句 別看眼睛
A word of warning, don't look for the eyes.都被鰻魚吃掉了      好的
Eels have them. All right.是她
It is she.是我妻子
It is my wife.你肯定嗎 先生?
Are you sure, sir?我肯定
I'm sure.把她蓋起來
Cover her up!小心 小心
Steady, steady.好了 先生
All right, sir.「親愛的威廉 等待結婚的日子
'Dearest William, it is so tedious to wait眞讓我度日如年」
even this short time to be man and wife.「我多想走出去 聽人們説
'How I long to go out and hear people say,這是拉克曼夫婦」
"There go the Rackhams.「他剛出版了新書
'"He has just published another book and她剛從巴黎回來 買了三十條裙子」
she is lately returned from Paris with 30 new dresses!"'我們的肉體終會歸於塵土
Ashes and dust are our only material remains.和精神遺産相比 肉體不値一提
Compared to our spiritual remains, they mean nothing.拉克曼夫人的殘軀...
Mrs Rackham's corporeal form...您眞是個非常 非常勇敢的人
You are a brave, brave, brave man.我聽説索菲找到家庭教師了
I heard Sophie had a new governess.難怪她這麼開心呢
I wonder to see her so happy!這是你第一個學生嗎 小姐...
Is she your first pupil, Miss..?蘇糖      艾米麗·福克斯太太
Sugar. Mrs Emmeline Fox.不 我還帶過一個小男孩
No, I looked after a little boy before.克里斯托弗
Christopher.在諾丁山?
In Notting Hill?我在倫敦很多地方都住過
I've lived many different places in London.我也去過很多地方
And I have visited many in the course of my work開展救濟社工作
with The Rescue Society.救濟社?
The Rescue Society?不瞞您説 我從沒聽過
I confess, I've never heard of it.哦 蘇糖小姐
Oh, Miss Sugar,我的同事聽到將會多麼受傷啊
how mortified my colleagues would be to hear you say that.恕我失陪 福克斯太太
If you will excuse me, Mrs Fox,我今天應該看着索菲的      當然
I do think I should keep a close eye on Sophie today. Of course.一起走走吧
Let's walk together.我們社團的宗旨是改造妓女
We are an organisation committed to reforming prostitutes.刻不容緩 每天都有婦女因
The urgency is great. Women die or disappear生病 謀殺或自殺而死去 失蹤
every day through disease, murder, suicide.昨天我剛去過一間妓院
Just yesterday, I visited a house,老鴇叫卡特韋太太
a place known as Mrs Castaway's,去找我在一本可恥的讀物上看到的女孩
looking for a girl I'd read about in a vile publication.找到什麼了?
What did you find there?那女孩早就不在了
The girl was long gone.誰也不知她的去向
No one could say where.卡特韋太太本人也死了
And Mrs Castaway herself had died.死了?      新老鴇這麼説的
Died? So the new madam said,然後給我吃了閉門羹
before she slammed the door in my face.抱歉 蘇糖小姐
Forgive me, Miss Sugar.哦 你喜歡你當初的老鴇
Oh, you were fond of your old madam.是我太自大 沒考慮到這點 我眞傻
In my arrogance, I failed to imagine that. What an imbecile I am.你想要什麼?
What do you want?我想要證實你是誰
I wanted to verify who you were.我是誰?
Who am I?一個找到方向 並且不辱使命的女人
A young woman who has found her calling and means to excel at it.有需要隨時找我
If I can ever be of service.克里斯托弗?
Christopher?你走錯了吧
I think you've mistaken your way.我在找這裏原來開門的小男孩
I was looking for the little boy who used to answer the door.要找小男孩的 叫他去找塔伯特夫人
If it's little boys he's after, send him to Mrs Talbot's.不是男人 親愛的 是救濟社來的女士
It's not a man, dear, it's a lady from the Rescue Society.我叫蘇糖
My name is Sugar.我原來在這工作
I used to work here.蘇糖?
Sugar?不會吧...
I would never have...快進來 親愛的 進來
Oh, well come in, dear, come in.前幾天還有人找你呢
Someone was asking for you only a couple of days ago.你多傳奇呀
Your fame endures!大變樣了對吧?
Quite a change, isn't it?我能和艾米説句話嗎?
May I have a word with Amy?原來拉大提琴的姑娘
The girl who used to play the cello.唉 艾米覺得我們這裏
Alas, Amy felt our house had太專業 讓她屈才了
become too specialised for her talents.帶那男孩走了 去哪我不記得了
Took the boy with her. Quite where escapes me.這麼多新窯子 誰記得住啊
So many new houses, one can hardly keep up.艾米走了 我也可以説不再上工了
With Amy gone and me no longer on what you call the factory floor我們又少兩個姑娘
we're two girls down.我是來打聽我...
I came to ask about my...打聽卡特韋太太的
About Mrs Castaway.哦 她死了 親愛的
Oh, she passed, dear.怎麼了 她怎麼死的?
But how? How did she die?睡過去就沒醒 親愛的
In her sleep, dear.她給我留什麼了嗎?
Did she leave anything for me?一封信 一句話?
A letter, a message?發現她死了之後呢
And what happened to her after she was found,屍體呢?
her remains?管喪事的擡走了 對吧 親愛的?
Undertakers took her away. Isn't that right, dear?哦 沒問題 魯克斯 布魯克斯 類似的名字
Oh, I believe so. Rookes, Brookes, something like that. Aww.再路過這裏 記得回來玩哦
Well, do call in again, dear, if you're passing.見到你眞好
A charm to see you.你整個人都變了
You do look different.我的生活全變了      是嗎?
My life is very different now. Is it?你長胖了 不是嗎?      眞的
You've filled out so! Ain't she? Indeed.其實我還想問 有什麼要告訴我們的嗎?
In fact, I wonder, is there something we should know?蘇糖小姐 拉克曼先生問您回來沒有
Miss Sugar, Mr Rackham was asking if you were back.你會縫紉嗎?
Can you sew?縫紉?      對 你會把艾格尼絲的裙子
Sew? Yes, could you alter a dress of Agnes's so that it'd改成你的嗎?
fit you?呃 這我不會
Er, no I, I don't think so.就算我會裁縫 艾格尼絲和我
Erm, even if I were a seamstress, Agnes and I were體型完全不同
very different shapes.眞可惜 我還打算明天下午
Shame. I'd arranged for us all to go on全家一起出去的
a little outing together tomorrow afternoon.全家?      你 我和索菲 去照相館
Us all? You, me and Sophie. To the photographer's studio.照全家福
A family portrait.早安 先生
Good day, Sir.托維先生
Mr Tovey.夫人 這邊請
Madam. This way.索菲
Sophie.這裙子一定是縮水了
This dress must have shrunk.我現在要從天空召喚大象
I shall now summon an elephant from the sky讓它站在我鼻尖上
and balance it on the tip of my nose.三 二 一
Three, two, one.太棒了
Marvellous.你好 索菲      爸爸?
Hello, Sophie. Papa?我給你帶了禮物
I have something for you.你覺得怎樣?      威廉?
Well, what do you think? William?眞是個驚喜
What a pleasant surprise.蘇糖小姐 看      哦 索菲
Miss Sugar, see here. Oh, Sophie.像眞的一樣       眞棒 索菲
I look real! It's wonderful, Sophie!大團圓照呢?
And what of the group portrait?我們一起照的那張?
The one of all of us together?可惜不太成功      唉 天啊
It wasn't a success, I'm afraid. Oh, dear.不然改天再去試試?
Perhaps we can try again another day?好的 索菲 改天再試
Yes, Sophie. Perhaps we will.當然 這很冒險 機器剛發明出來
It is a risk, of course. The engineering is in its infancy.還照老辦法吧
Leave things as they are.你的投資要回本
To recoup your investment需要十年好收成
you'd need ten years' excellent harvests並且你的競爭對手不能擴張
and no expansion from your competitors.唉...
Oh, it's...下個世紀屬於梨牌和亞德利
The next century belongs to Pears and Yardley.我從骨子裏堅信
I can feel it in my bones.而且我沒有繼承人...
And without an heir to succeed me...眼下還沒有
Without an heir so far.你正當盛年 威廉
You are a man in his prime, William.還記得我們第一次見面嗎?
Do you remember when we first met?我告訴你我會為你做任何事
I told you I would do anything for you.我們該上床了      我正這麼想呢
We should be in bed. My thoughts exactly.不
No...説眞的 看都幾點了
.. seriously. Look at the time.你這個傻姑娘
You stupid, stupid girl.你好 先生 你在找我嗎?
Hello, sir. Are you looking for me?蘇糖?
Sugar?是... 是你?
Is that... Is that you?我聽説卡太太的事了
I had heard about Mrs C.她幾時過世的? 你知道嗎?
When did she die? Do you know?有一陣了
A while ago.她什麼都沒留給你 連封信也沒有?
She didn't leave you nothing? A letter, even?眞遺憾
I'm sorry.我愛過我母親
I loved my mother.能用用你的痰盂嗎?      儘管用
Can I use your pot? Help yourself.哦 謝謝 還挺乾淨呢
Oh, thank you. It's even clean!你不介意吧?
Would you mind?我有時還點支蠟燭祭奠媽媽呢
Light a candle for her sometimes, my mum.當然不在教堂裏
Not in church!就是這裏      能不能幫我把包裏的手絹拿來?
Just in here. Can you pass me a handkerchief from my bag?你去買東西了? 薄荷油和啤酒酵母
You been shopping? Pennyroyal and brewer's yeast.給一個女僕的
One of the maids.她試過鋅和硼砂?
She tried zinc and borax?毫無用處
To no avail.我最討厭這個 撕心裂肺的灼痛
I hate that the worst. Hurts like hell, the burnin'.可憐的姑娘
Poor girl.對 很痛
Yes, it does.這是什麼
What's this?替我也點支蠟燭
Light a candle for me.「那我是誰呀?」(愛麗絲漫遊仙境)
'Who am I, then?「先得告訴我 如果變成我喜歡的人」
'Tell me that first, and then, if I like being that person,'「我就上來」
I'll come up.「不然 我就待在這裏 除非再變成什麼人」
'If not, I'll stay down here till I'm somebody else.抱歉 索菲
Oh, excuse me, Sophie.我出去一會兒
I just need to go outside for a moment.拉克曼先生
Mr Rackham!拉克曼先生
Mr Rackham!簡妮
Janey!跟我來
Follow me.威廉 眞對不起
Oh, William. I'm so sorry.是科魯醫生
That will be Dr Curlew.為我而來?      在床上別動
For me? Do not move from this bed.這房子已受夠生病的女人了
We've had quite enough sick women in this house.我希望你好好的
I want you well.人們從椅子上跌下 都會摔斷脖子
People break necks falling off a chair.你從樓梯上跌下
You have fallen down a staircase卻只扭傷了腳踝
and only have a badly sprained ankle留下一些瘀傷
and a number of bruises to show for it.你現在可能還沒發現瘀傷 但很快會察覺到的
You may not be aware of those bruises as yet, but you will be.儘量躺在床上休養
Keep to your bed as much as possible.我還有工作
I have duties to perform.你的情況 最好...
It would be much better, in your condition...科魯醫生
Dr Curlew,我是這家人僱來的
I am employed in this house.進來
Enter.病人如何了?
How is the patient?狀態好極了 蘇糖小姐體質很好
Remarkably well. Miss Sugar is extremely robust.你好 索菲 過來幫我拿拿書
Hello, Sophie. Here, take these books from me.看在上帝的份上
Oh, for heaven's sake!你對我的狀況不好奇嗎?
Aren't you the least bit curious what happened to me?萊蒂説你從很高的地方跌下來
Letty said that you fell down a long, long way我不能盯着看
and I mustn't stare.我很快會好起來
I'll be better very soon.你爸爸現在越來越...
And now that your father...自信能自己處理信函了
.. feels well enough to do his own correspondence,我們有更多的時間呆在一起了
you and I can spend more time together.我想咱們到紐西蘭了
And I think we are in New Zealand.「親愛的拉克...」 拉克
"Dear Rackers... " Rackers.「發生這種事我深表哀悼
"Deepest condolences aside,但你總沒死吧」
anyone would think it was you who were dead.「這本新書是我們最棒的一本」
"The new book is our best yet. "「藝術之於勞動人民」
Art As Understood By The Working Man.比別的都沒爭議吧!
Less contentious than usual!你別不相信!
Don't you believe it!看看這些粗活工人們
Look at that whole variety of rude working folk.掃煙囱的人 賣魚工
Chimney sweeps, fishsellers,幫廚女工 小販們之類
kitchenmaids, costermongers, so forth.給他們看看名畫的雕版
And show them engravings of famous paintings.問問他們的意見!
Then ask them their opinion!威廉 告訴我們你想對康絲緹斯做什麼
So, William, do tell us what you intend to do about Constance.康絲緹斯?     我們想知道
Constance? We're dying to hear.親愛的布利德樓夫人?
Our dear Lady Bridgelow.她怎麼了?      你不想和她結婚?
What about her? You don't want to marry her?完全不知道她想和我結婚!
I had no idea that she had any desire to marry me!拜託 比爾! 你想讓她
Come on, Bill! Do you expect her to跪下向你求婚嗎?
get down on bended knee and propose?她也有自尊的
She has her pride!所以 接下來想去哪呢?
So, what do you fancy?附近的特倫絲太太那裏?
Mrs Terence's is nearby?威爾斯那女孩一定有主了
The Welsh one will be taken by now and其它人我看不上       福特太太那裏呢?
I don't much care for the others. Mrs Ford's?性價比太差
Expensive for what you get.這幾個看上去不錯啊      我們快活着呢
These have a cheerful air about them. Nice weather we're having.你找不到比我更好的了 親愛的      我也是
You never had anyone like me, dear. Me neither!口交 多少錢?
In the mouth. How much?快點啊 先生      我今天沒有帶套
Go on, Sir. I don't have a sheath on me.我上週去看過醫生 先生
I went to the doctors last week, Sir.説我乾淨的像小貓
Says I'm as clean as a kitten.可我...       我那裏美妙如絲綢 先生
Even so... I've got a fine, silky hole, sir.如同絶美的海螺
A connoisseur's conch.比爾 你還好嗎?
Bill, are you with us?吃了它 拉克
Well, eat it, Rackers!威廉?
William?你在這裏幹什麼?      我來幫你處理信件
What are you doing in here? I'm attending to your correspondence.你還好嗎 滿身是...
Are you all right? You're covered in...你去哪了?
Where have you been?噢 我怎麼會不知道?
Oh, I know, don't I?我知道你去哪了
I know where you've been.這與你無關!
That is none of your business!給我瘸着回房間去
Just hobble off back to your room!再也不需要你了
I have no further need for you.走啊!
Go on!「我究竟是誰?」
'Who am I?「我叫蘇糖 你們眼中的失足婦女
'My name is Sugar. I am what you would call a fallen woman,可我會告訴你這不是失足」
but I assure you I did not fall.「我是被逼所至」
'I was pushed.「卑劣的男人 永恆的亞當 我控訴你!」
'Vile man, eternal Adam, I indict you!'請原諒      現在幾點了?
Please forgive me. What time is it?快黎明了 蘇糖 對不起
Almost dawn. Sugar, I am so sorry.我剛剛失控了
I wasn't myself before.我喝醉了 癱倒在城裏
I collapsed in town, drunk.丟盡了臉
A complete disgrace.現在清醒了
I'm sober now.再也不會發生這樣的事了
It will never happen again.當然不會了 威廉      不 我下定決心了
Of course not, William. No, I am determined.一切都會不同的
Things are going to be different.你會發現的
You'll see.明天希望你和索菲一起
I would like you and Sophie to join me tomorrow來參觀我的香皂廠
on a visit of my soap factory.不等你休養好再去嗎?
Wouldn't it be wiser to wait until after you're rested?因為還有個人要見
There's someone else I am meeting there,我不願意麻煩的人
someone I'm loath to inconvenience.明白了
I see.你當然明白
Of course you do.雖然我沒掛在嘴邊 可你眞是個寳貝
I have not told you often enough what a treasure you are.你該去睡會兒覺了
You should get some sleep now.小心點 車伕
Take care, Cheesman.我一直都是 蘇糖小姐
I always do, Miss Sugar.你打扮的很美 索菲
You are very nicely turned out, Sophie.看 索菲
Look, Sophie.我們要見一個爸爸的生意夥伴
We're here to meet an associate of your father's.不 怪我來的太早了
No, it is my fault for arriving early.實在太想見你了
I've been looking forward to it so much, you see.難得我的小小廠房
It's hard to believe my humble little factory能讓你付諸如此熱情
could inspire such enthusiasm.你不相信?
Do you doubt my word?當然 你所看到的
Of course, what you see here is不算是熬肥皂
not exactly soap manufacture, as such.那些粗俗東西不太配的上一個香水製造商
That is a very dirty business and not the work of a perfumer.小姐?       我沒事 索菲
Miss? I'm all right, Sophie.這塊區域用來加工
This area is dedicated to the production of拉克曼牌金銀花
Rackham's Honeysuckle.據説它解除瘙癢有奇效
Relieves itching quite miraculously, I am told.這個
Here.威廉 這太有意思了
William, this is so amusing.你眞的這樣想?
Do you really think so?樓梯通往藍色車間
These stairs lead to the blue room,用來生産
which houses the production of拉克曼精油 我們的招牌香型
Rackham's Puressence, our signature scent.這裏本來打算做汙水廠的
The factory was originally built to be a sewer works,很好笑吧
which is ironic.這是我們的新産品「青春永駐」
Ah, this is one of our new developments, Jeunesse Eternelle.橙色來自於胡蘿蔔
The orange colour comes from carrots.小姐 我想去尿尿
Miss, I need to go piddle.拉克曼先生?
Mr Rackham?這裏有...洗手間嗎?
Is there on the premises a room with... washing facilities?嗯...有人會帶你去的
Er... someone will show you.求你了 請你幫幫我
Please, please help me.我去找別人
I'll get someone.不! 只能你幫我
No! You have to help me.求你了
Please.謝謝你
Thank you.我們必須得走
We must go.走吧
Let's go.離睡覺時間尚早
It's a bit early for bed.我不管 小姐 我累了
I don't mind, miss, I'm tired.我眞感激你 索菲
I'm very grateful to you, Sophie.你救了我
You rescued me.蘇糖小姐 求你別死
Please don't die.我不會死
I won't die.我保證
I promise.沒事的 小東西
It's all right, little one.什麼也不要擔心 只需相信我
Don't you worry about anything. You just trust me.原諒我姍姍來遲 剛從你的鄰居那裏過來
Forgive the late hour. I was visiting a neighbour of yours.什麼事?
What is it?上次我來這裏時
There was something I could scarcely無法忽視的事
fail to notice the last time I was in this house.這次可能要同你説説了
I should perhaps have spoken to you about it at the time.你讓我過來?
You sent for me?是的
Yes.不用坐 沒這個必要
Do not sit down, there's no need.聽説你懷上了孩子
It has come to my notice that you are with child.所以你不能留在這裏
It is therefore impossible that you remain作我女兒的家庭教師了
as my daughter's governess.你的工錢都在裏面
Your wages are enclosed.請你在3月1日之前務必離開
Please be prepared to leave on 1st March.這裏面有誤會吧
There has been a misunderstanding.無需再多説了
Further discussion is out of the question.你不用再來見我了
Do not attempt to come and see me again.謝了
Thank you.「親愛的威廉 原諒我這樣説 你弄錯了」
"Dear William, forgive me saying so, but you are mistaken.「我之前飽受體內積水的困擾」
"I was briefly afflicted with a painful swelling「現在已經沒有了 我的月事也正常」
"which has since passed and I now have my monthly courses,「如果你不信 可以自己來檢査」
"as you can discover to your own satisfaction. "「親愛的威廉 求你了」
"Dear William, please,「每個小時等待你的回復 都是一種折磨」
"every hour that I wait for your reply is torture.「記住我全心全意的協助你
"Remember that I am devoted to your assistance為你分擔煩惱」
and you and sparing you inconvenience... "打擾了 蘇糖小姐
Excuse me, Miss Sugar,拉克曼先生讓索菲小姐下樓
Mr Rackham has asked if Miss Sophie might be brought down.我們先整理一下
We shall just tidy ourselves up a bit.蘇糖小姐 他讓我單獨帶索菲小姐下去
Miss Sugar, he asked me to bring Miss Sophie myself.明白了
I see.你可以在外面等一下嗎?      當然了 小姐
Could you wait outside a moment? Of course, Miss.來 索菲 站起來
Come on, Sophie, stand up.我想你父親會宣佈一些事情
I think your father has some news for you.可能會告訴你一些事情
Most probably he is about to tell you something,我希望你也能告訴他一些事
and I want you to tell him something in return.你要告訴他你對我的感覺
I want you to tell him how you feel about me.明白了嗎?
Do you understand?明白了嗎?
Do you understand?一切都會好起來的
Then everything's going to be all right.她們要把你送走
They're sending you away.你告訴他了嗎?      我告訴他我愛你
But did you tell him? I told him that I love you.他竟然做的出來?
How dare he do this?他竟然這樣對我的孩子?!
How dare he do this to my child?!唐思禮小姐
Miss Townsley.你好 索菲
Hello, Sophie.我來向你介紹一下唐思禮小姐
I would like to introduce you to Miss Townsley.你好 唐思禮小姐
Hello, Miss Townsley.你會説法語嗎 孩子?
Have you any French, child?法語不是蘇糖小姐的技能
French wasn't one of Miss Sugar's accomplishments.那鋼琴呢?
What about the piano?也是 恐怕是蘇糖小姐不太稱職
Again, I'm afraid Miss Sugar came up rather short.蘇糖小姐要立即離開
I think it best Miss Sugar leave immediately免得帶給索菲更多困擾
to prevent further distress to Sophie.鑑於你説她已經産生了很強的依戀感
If as you say she has formed a very strong attachment,可能這樣最好
I think that might be preferable.可你的家庭教師有地方去嗎?
But does your governess have somewhere to go?當然 她隨時可以回家去找她媽
Oh, yes. She can always go home to her mother.蘇糖小姐!
Miss Sugar!今天我們可能要外出探險 索菲
I thought we might go for an adventure outside today, Sophie.這裏太悶了      是的 小姐
It's so stuffy in here. Yes, miss.別忘了你的圍脖      好的
Don't forget your muffler. Yes.你的觀察鏡呢?
What about your spy glass?天啊 小姐 我們帶上好多故事一起上路
Goodness, Miss, we are taking a lot of stories with us.我們將進行一場偉大的冒險 索菲
We are going on a great expedition, Sophie,誰知道會需要些什麼呢?
who knows what provisions we may need?明天是美國嗎?
Is it America tomorrow?明天是美國
America tomorrow.拿着很重的包啊 小姐
Heavy bags you got there, Miss.要遠行嗎?
Goin' far with them?不得無禮 契斯曼
You're impertinent, Cheesman.我回來的時候會告訴拉克曼先生?      你回來?
I shall speak to Mr Rackham about you on our return. Your return?那是什麼時候?
That be soon then?我們單獨談談
I shall speak to you in private.索菲?  是的小姐  我一會就過來 好的 小姐
Sophie? Yes, Miss. I shall be back in a moment. Yes, Miss.給你十鎊 契斯曼
Ten pounds, Cheesman.大手筆呀     對你是一小筆橫財了
Aren't we grand! A small fortune for you.拉克曼夫人遇難後
I wondered after Mrs Rackham met her doom我以為你要取代她了
if you weren't hoping to take her place.拿上錢 放我們走
Take the money, and let us be on our way.我看到了她
I saw her.從河裏拖上來
Dragged from the river.一切都難以辨認了
There was nothing left to recognise.除了她的頭髮
Except her hair.長長的金髮
Those long blonde locks.被汙水浸泡 纏繞着水草
Full of weed and dirty water.你認為金錢如此美好 小姐
You see money's all well and good, Miss.但我更想要點私人的東西
But what I'd like is something a little more personal.我想試試他嚐過的
I want a taste of what he's had.婊子
Bitch!我們去哪裏 小姐?      美好的地方
Where are we going, Miss? Somewhere nice.要我拿個包嗎 小姐?
Shall I carry a bag, Miss?對你來説太重了 索菲!
They're too heavy for you, Sophie.我們去坐公共馬車
Let's take a ride on the omnibus.你跑上前去告訴他我們要坐
Run ahead so the conductor can see we want to get on.我們現在要去哪裏 小姐?
Where are we going now, Miss?非常有趣的地方
Somewhere very interesting.我保證
I promise.「讀者啊 你如此自大」
'How smug you are, reader,「也許你的性別讓你
'if you are a member of that sex以褲襠裏的那根軟骨為傲」
that boasts a scrag of gristle in your trousers.「你想讓這本書吸引你 刺激你
'You fancy this book will amuse you, thrill you,從無聊的恐怖中拯救你」
rescue you from the horror of boredom.「而你讀完它
'And that, having consumed it,還可以迴歸現實」
you will be left at liberty to resume your life as before.「可這本書不同
'But this book is different.這本書是把利刃 腦袋放機靈點
'This book is a knife. Keep your wits about you.這是為你好」
'You will need them!'有人嗎?
Hello?開門!
Open the door!我開不開門
Whether I open the door or not要看你有多壞囉 你夠壞嗎?
depends on how bad a boy you've been. Have you been very bad?我找卡特韋夫人
I want to speak to Mrs CCastaway!她死了很久了
She's long dead.我找的是蘇糖
It's Sugar I'm after.我必須要找到她
It is imperative that I ffind her.付多少都行!     請你小聲一點 先生!
I'll pay whatever you ask! Please lower your voice, Sir!首先 你要找的蘇糖已經放棄了風流生涯
Firstly, the girl you call Sugar has renounced the gay life.第二  香皂和護膚膏上
Secondly, your soaps and ointments印上你的形象毫無幫助
are not improved by having your image on them.上帝 給個地方讓我們
Lord, grant us some places見不到男人的臉吧
where we don't have to see a man's face.最後 去找利克斯太太
And lastly, try Mrs Leek's.四十畝地先生 榮幸啊!
Mr Forty Acres, we are honoured! You...找我嗎 先生?      不
Lookin' for me, sir? No.我在找蘇糖
I am looking for Sugar.她偷走了我的女兒      偷走?
She has stolen my daughter! Stolen?求你了 我什麼都沒了
Please, I have lost everything.你知道 每十個在
Did you know, that of every ten persons威爾斯和英格蘭淹死的人中
drowned in England and Wales,六個都會是小孩?      她在你們這兒!
six will be children? You've got her!嘿 七便士 先生!
Hey! Hey! Seven pence, sir!注意腳下 先生 有些樓梯...
Watch your step, sir. Some of them stairs is...小姐?
Miss?睡覺前能到目的地嗎?
Will we get where we're going to go in time for bed?我們要開始一段很長的旅程 索菲
We're going on a very long journey, Sophie.當我們到那裏 我保證
But when we get there, I promise,你會擁有世界上最溫暖
you will have the warmest, safest,最安全 最舒服的床
nicest bed in the whole world.明天是美國
America tomorrow.<font color="#4096d1">紅玫瑰白玫瑰 全劇終 謝謝觀賞!</font>