跟   蹤   者第一季  第八集{\an8}街區聚會比爾
Bill.馬克
Mark.你是喜歡胸還是喜歡腿
You a, uh, breast or a thigh man?他還沒笨到在大庭廣眾下回答這種問題
Oh, he knows better than to answer that in public.都可以  謝謝
It doesn't matter. Thank you.是
Yeah.整個乘客位的窗戶都被砸了嗎
So they took out the whole passenger window?有東西被偷嗎
Did they take anything?沒  沒丟任何東西
No. Nothing was taken.只是窗戶被砸了
Just busted the window.只是隨機破壞嗎
Just random vandalism?你報警了嗎
Did you call the police?何必費那事呢
Why bother them?他自己把窗戶換了
He fixed the window himself.這家伙手很巧呢
He's actually pretty handy, this one.有他在身邊是個好幫手呢
He's good to have around, you know?你還拍我屁股
You better watch that smack.好玩嘛
It's funny.叫上蘭登  咱們回家
Get Landon. Let's head home.蘭登  走了  寶貝
Landon, come on, baby.走吧  咱們回家  小伙子
Hey. Come on. Let's go inside, buddy.那是誰
Who was that?先回家再說
Let's just go home.進來吧
Come on.到底是怎么回事
What is going on?能不能晚點再說  親愛的
Can we not right now, honey?沒事的  咱們回你房間去  好嗎
It's ok. Let's go in your room, ok?"國王的宮殿是世界上
"The emperor's place was the most gorgeous palace最美的宮殿
in the world,全由上等瓷器建成
built entirely of fine porcelain,精致卻易碎
so precious but so brittle,輕輕一碰都可能會碎
so delicate to the touch所以你必須非常非常小心"
that you had to be very careful indeed."克里斯蒂娜
Christina?克里斯蒂娜
Christina?克里斯蒂娜
Christina?馬克
Mark!克里斯蒂娜  蘭登  你們沒事吧
Christina, Landon. You ok?沒事
Yeah.{\an8}納粹有情況就給我打電話
Call if anything happens.謝謝
Thanks.理查德一家在過來的路上了
The Richards are on their way up.很好
Great.前任光頭黨和他的拉美裔妻子
Former skinhead and his Latina wife被光頭黨跟蹤
are being stalked by skinheads.聽上去這女人喜歡壞男人啊
Sounds like a woman who likes a project.等會我跟妻子聊
I will talk to the wife,你去詢問丈夫  之后咱們再做比較
you interview the husband. We'll compare later.為什么  你不相信那個人已經改過自新了
Why? You don't think the guy's completely reformed?我只是她在不受丈夫的影響下說出自己的看法
I just want her perspective free of her husband.你覺得他是否改過自新了  杰克
You tell us if he's reformed, Jack.人是會變的
People can change.是  但這是個漫長的過程而且會反復
Yes, but it's a process and requires a lot of rewiring.我覺得這是往前兩步
I find that it's two steps forward.再退后十步
And 10 steps back.謝謝  貝絲  祝好運
Thanks, Beth. Good luck.這群光頭黨把你作為攻擊目標
This group of skinheads is targeting you是因為你曾經也是光頭黨
because of your past affiliations with them?我不認識這些人  他們是本地的
I don't know these guys. They're local.我多年前加入了一個在里弗賽德的組織
I was with a group out in Riverside years ago,但他們肯定知道我已經退出了
but they must know that I left the movement,在他們的字典里  退出意味著我就跟
and in their book, that makes me as bad那些少數民族一樣  甚至比他們還可恨
or worse than any minority.你認為他們是怎么找到你的
How do you think they found you?我不知道  我很久前就拋棄那種生活了
I don't know. I left that life behind a long time ago.我更名改姓  搬到了這里
I changed my name, I moved out here,重新開始
started over.{\an8}憎恨我在用激光祛紋身
Getting them lasered off.已經做了21次  還要繼續
21 sessions and counting,疼得要死
and it hurts like a bitch.88是什么意思
What's the 88 mean?字母表中第八個字母是H
The eighth letter of the alphabet is "H".代表希特勒萬歲
Heil Hitler.為什么我們要被分開問話
Look. Why are we being questioned separately?你們不是對犯罪嫌疑人才這樣呢嗎
Isn't that something you guys do to suspects?我們這樣才能獲得對事件最清晰的認識
It's how we get the clearest understanding of events.馬克說他們已經跟蹤他三周了
Mark said that they've been following him around for 3 weeks,但他們從來沒到我們家里
but they've never come to our home或是街區來過
or our neighborhood before.馬克說我們很安全
Mark said we'd be safe.通常這些組織都會遵守一定的規章
Often, groups are bound by code.幫派也有一些不會跨越的底限
There are certain boundaries gangs won't cross.馬克也是這么說的
That's what Mark said,但這次他們越線了
but they have crossed them.什么案子
What is it?前任新納粹光頭黨成員  說自己被幫派跟蹤
ExneoNazi Skinhead, claims he's being gang stalked.你好像很不爽啊
Why the attitude?你招惹過這群人嗎
You ever mess with these guys?他們無惡不作
They're bad news.高中的時候就因為我兄弟看了他們一眼
They attacked my brother back in high school就被他們揍了
just for looking in their direction.那個兄弟  高個那個
Which brother, the tall one還是那個屁股很翹的弟弟
or the younger one with the cute butt?是弟弟
Younger one.他屁股一點也不翹
There's nothing cute about him.別擔心  你屁股也很翹
Don't worry. Your butt's cute, too.這些人為什么要騷擾你
So why are these guys harassing you?他們認為你背叛了他們嗎
Do they feel betrayed by you?是  必須的
Well, yeah. They have to,不然他們就得面對現實  面對自己的真實面目
or they'll have to face the truth of who they really are.你把所有時間都用來憤怒  憎恨他人
You spend all your time pissed off, hating people就因為你被灌輸的那些東西
because of stuff you've been told又或者自己的生活不順
or because things just suck而非得怪在別人頭上
and it's got to be someone else's fault.你是怎么突然變了呢
What's changed in you?我遇到了克里斯蒂娜
I met Christina.他跟你講過多少他過去的事情
How much has he told you about his past?他很誠實
He's honest.他告訴我的那些  并不是我愛上的那個人
What he told me didn't fit with the guy身上所具有的東西
that I fell in love with.他跟他父親之間有很多問題
He had a lot of issues with his father.他的憎恨都是后天的
His hate was learned,我知道那都是可以忘卻的
but I knew that it could be unlearned.他真的很努力想要成為更好的人
He really wants to be a better man,每一天他的行為都向我證明他已經變了
and he's proving to me every day that he's changed,但我看得出過去還是對他影響很大
but I can tell that this is taking a toll on him.你能幫我們嗎
Can you help us?問她話的那個人是誰
Who's she talking to in there?我上司  貝絲·戴維斯副隊長
My boss Lieutenant Davis.她是亞洲人
She's Asian.美籍越南裔
Vietnamese American.有問題嗎
Is that a problem?可能吧
Could be.為什么
How so?我認為沒多少人會同情
I don't think many people are gonna be too sympathetic我是誰  我到過什么地方
to who I was, where I been.你不能指望人們全盤接受你的過去  馬克
You can't expect people to be ok with your past, Mark.說實話  我就不認同  但這并不意味著
Honestly, I'm not, but that doesn't mean我會束手旁觀不去幫助你和你的家人
I won't do everything I can to help you and your family.南加州的新納粹勢力很廣
Neonazis in Southern California run從組織松散的光頭黨
the gamut from loosely organized Skinhead groups...他們針對執法機關進行襲擊和仇恨型犯罪
assaults, hate crimes, targeting law enforcement...到針對政治團體的有組織犯罪
to organized crime to political organizations但他們卻自稱沒有使用任何暴力手段
that claim to be nonviolent.光頭黨源自"雅利安國"組織
Skinheads have their roots in the Aryan Nation,而該組織又源自于加州監獄系統
which started out of the California Prison System,這地方簡直是光頭黨的哈佛
AKA the Harvard for Skinheads,現在他們組織嚴密  行動協調且受過良好教育
but today, they're highly organized, coordinated, educated.能夠意識到自己是少數派
Wise to the fact that they're in the minority.他們更傾向于顛覆或騷擾
They're more apt to subvert and harass而非公然襲擊或者破壞
than brazenly attack and harm.你可以說他們是專業跟蹤者
You might say skinheads are professional stalkers.他們知道如何鉆法律的空子
They know how to bend the law without breaking it.他們通過招募年輕人的多少來評級
They grow their ranks by recruiting young,一般都是問題青少年
usually troubled teens.給一個不合群的人信仰
Give a loner something to believe in,讓他成為團體的一個部分
a community to be a part of,這對那些問題青年來說吸引力很大
it's a powerful thing.看看這個人
I mean, look at this guy.我知道他曾是鬧心的白人至上和種族主義者
I know he was a white supremacist and a racist, disgusting,但他已經竭盡全力去改變自己的生活
but he's gone to great length to change his life.拜托  杰克
Come on, Jack.你真以為這種內心的偏執會消失嗎
You really think that kind of embedded bigotry goes away?我相信他
I believe him.令人震驚
Shocker.本  從幫派和販毒組織開始查
Ben, start with gangs and narcotics.詹妮絲  調出去年所有的仇恨型犯罪記錄
Janice, pull up all the hate crimes in the last year.我想拿到一份光頭黨名單
I want a list of Skinhead groups,相關組織  姓名  地址
affiliations, names, addresses.找找看誰才是幕后黑手
Let's find out who's doing this.爸爸
Dad?嗨  你還好嗎
Oh. Hey. You ok?我睡不著
I couldn't sleep.我想看電視
I wanted to watch TV.爸爸告訴你個好事
Well, now let me tell you what.想和爸爸媽媽一起睡嗎
You want to sleep with your mom and me?你快點到媽媽身邊去
Why don't you go crawl in bed with your mom, ok?很長時間不見了  馬克
It's been a long time, Mark.你看起來不錯
You look good.你是誰
Who's this?朋友
A friend.你覺得你安全嗎
You think you're safe?只要我們想  就可以隨時弄死你
We can get to you whenever we want.是嗎  我已經叫警察了
Yeah? Well, I've already called the cops.他們可沒法及時趕到拯救你的妻女
They won't make it in time to save your family.馬克  馬克  有人在外面
Mark, Mark, someone's outside.親愛的  別站在窗前
Honey, get away from the window.她一動就得死
She moves, she dies.等等  別動
Wait, wait, don't move!求你們  別這樣
Please. Don't do this.要你妻子活還是你混血孩子活
Your wife or your halfbreed kid.爸爸
Dad!你自己選
You choose.不  快停下
No! Just stop!你的命是我的
Your life belongs to me.趴下  趴下
Down, down!你還好嗎
You ok?我沒事
I'm ok.蘭登  蘭登
Landon? Landon.你沒事吧
Are you all right?他叫查德·休伊特
His name's Chad Hewitt.查德·休伊特  好吧
Chad Hewitt. Ok.我知道是他  是他的聲音
I know it was him. That was his voice.我以為他還在監獄
Thought he was still in prison.我會讓本去追蹤他
I'll have Ben run him down.我們今天會一直待在這里
We'll keep a presence here today.我們和你的鄰居談過
We spoke to your neighbors,解釋了一下情況
explained the situation.什么鄰居
What neighbors?他們現在都恨死我們了
They hate us now,覺得我嫁給了一個光頭黨
think I'm married to a Skinhead.這是跟蹤者的典型手法
This is what stalkers do.他們孤立你
They isolate you,讓你失去安全感
they remove your sense of safety.你脆弱而孤獨的時候更容易受到驚嚇
It's easier to terrorize you if you're vulnerable and alone.他們昨晚差點殺了我們
They were gonna kill us last night.但最后他們沒動手  這很能說明問題
But they didn't, and that tells us volumes.他們不是想殺了你
They're not trying to kill you,不然他們就動手了
or they would have.不是他們  是他
Not them. Him.他們有個幕后主使
One guy's behind all of this.查德·休伊特在科克倫監獄服刑11年
Chad Hewitt did 11 years in Corcoran,8個月前被釋放  就在村里住了下來
released 8 months ago, settled in the valley.網上沒什么蹤跡
Not much of an online presence,但他似乎又組建了一個新的組織
but it looks like he started his own group,南加州社會主義同盟
The Southern California Confederated Socialists.政治團體
A political organization.我們自行改過自新的光頭黨
Our selfreformed Skinhead is being stalked被一個剛出獄的光頭黨跟蹤
by a prisonreformed Skinhead.查查他的底
Let's check him out.你有多了解查德
How well do you know Chad?是我招募的他
I recruited him.我招他進來的時候他還只是一個青少年
Guy was just a teenager when I brought him in.我把他從地痞那里救出來的
Saved him from some bullies.我教他如何打架
I taught him how to fight,給他信心
gave him confidence.教他學會忠誠
I taught him loyalty and one truth還有一條真理
above anything else...沒有家庭你就一文不值
You are nothing without family.好的  知道了
Ok. Got it.本和貝絲在調查查德·休伊特
Ben and Beth are checking out Chad Hewitt.鑒證科在調查扔進窗子的磚塊
S.I.D. has the brick that came through the window.他們在追查手機的位置
They're tracing the cell,最后肯定會查出是一次性手機
which will inevitably lead to a burner因為光頭黨都非常小心
because these guys are careful.怎么了
What?鄰居家的監控錄像
Security cameras on the neighbors' houses.有沒有可能案發時有攝像頭在運作
What are the chances one of them was actually working記錄下了光頭黨的樣子
and caught the skinheads on camera?有什么能幫你的嗎
Can I help you?你昨晚聽到或看到什么了嗎
Did you see or hear or anything last night?沒有  我也不會
Nope, and I'm not gonna be the one幫助光頭黨的人
helping out a skinhead.你是說理查德先生嗎
Are you referring to Mr. Richards?我從來不用監控設備
I never felt the need for security cameras.這個社區很安全
This is a good neighborhood,或是說曾經很安全
oror was.馬蒂  閉嘴
Shut up, Marty.我們是想查看一下您家里的監控錄像
I'm here about the security cameras on your property.看起來某一個很可能拍攝下了
Looks like one in particular might have recorded昨晚的案發場景
our crime scene last night.我不想卷入光頭黨間暴力報復中
I don't want to get caught in skinhead on skinhead violence.我可不想被他們盯上
I don't want them coming for me.聽著  我會調取監控
Look. I'll look back through一有發現就告訴你
the footage myself and let you know.請務必盡快
As soon as possible, if you would.謝謝了
I'd appreciate it.我理解您的猶豫
Look. I get your hesitance...先去申請搜查令再來吧
Go get a warrant, and we'll talk.我們要找的是希特勒式狂熱份子嗎
Not what I expected of wannabe Hitler.他父親因為癌癥去世了  沒有別的家人
Well, his father died of cancer and no other family.查德繼承了房子跟財產
Chad inherited the house and some money,同時還在派科依瑪有一家單車行
also owns a bike shop in Pacoima.{\an8}南加州社會主義同盟會有警察找你
Hey. It's the police.你們的消息不可靠
You got some bad intel.這里沒有光頭黨
No skinheads around here.這里每個人都留著頭發
Full heads of hair everywhere I look.你是某個白色人種優越論組織的領導者  對嗎
You're the leader of a white supremacist group, correct?是白人分離論
White separatists.兩者是有區別的
There's a difference.要怎么在洛杉磯實現種族分離  先生
How does one separate the races in l.A., sir?你不是光頭黨成員  明白了
You're not a skinhead. Got it.我們調查你是因為懷疑你
We're investigating you on suspicion跟蹤了馬克·理查德
of stalking Mark Richards.你昨晚給他打過電話嗎
Did you call him last night?去給你媽媽幫忙  快去
Hey. Go help your mom. Go.那是我女朋友的孩子
That's my girlfriend's kid.他不習慣跟不友善的人來往
He's not used to unfriendlies.理查德一家遭到光頭黨的襲擊
The Richards family has been targeted by skinheads.你跟他們脫不了干系
You clearly associate with them.我們是非暴力的政治組織
We're a nonviolent political organization.中間大部分人都有家庭  有孩子
Most of us have families, kids.我們只想給他們創建一個更好的世界
Wewe just want a better world for them.你最后一次見馬克·理查德是什么時候
When was the last time you saw Mark Richards?你是指馬克·伊萬斯嗎
You mean Mark Evans?改名換姓  也改變不了自己是誰
Changing your name doesn't change who you are.所以你知道我們在說誰
So you know who we're referring to.是的  馬克把我從高中招募出來
Yeah. Mark recruited me out of high school.他曾經是光頭黨成員
Now he was a skinhead.他教會我如何去認識這個世界
He taught me about the world,了解它的不公正
its injustices.他真的想去改變社會  糾正它的錯誤
He really wanted to change society and its wrongs,我相信我們可以辦到
and I believed that we could do it.我曾經是他引以為傲的戰士
I was his proud soldier.他已經改過自新了
He's moved on.也許你也該放下過去
Maybe you should, too.這就是你來這里的原因嗎
Is that why you're here,來給我智慧箴言嗎
to give me that pearl of wisdom?我也已經放下了過去
Look. I've moved on.馬克讓我的人生偏離了正軌
Mark sidelined my life.我因為他進了監獄
I went to prison because of him.你進監獄是因為你把人弄昏迷了
You went to prison because you put a man in a coma.我不喜歡你們來這里
Look. I don't appreciate you coming here,把自己當客人
guesting in my home,在孩子面前拿著手槍警徽招搖
waving your guns and your badges around the kids,對支付你們薪水的一般民眾
and leering in judgment妄下判斷
of the very people who pay your salaries.我們很樂意帶你回局里詳談
We'd be happy to discuss this downtown.你們二位對我個人和我的信仰評頭論足
You two sit in judgment of me and my beliefs,但至少它們正直誠信
but they come with integrity.而你們的呢
Do yours?所以你一個正直的光頭黨成員
So you're a good skinhead?注意一點
Hey. Watch it!那個詞
That word...這些孩子已經因自己信仰被折磨得夠慘了
These kids already get enough torment for their beliefs,現在他們還得在自家燒烤聚會上
And now they have to hear that word聽到有色人種的洛杉磯警方說出這個詞
from the colorful LAPD at their own barbecue?舉個例子  警探  如果我跟你說
For instance, detective, if I were to tell you從哪里來回哪里去
to go back to where you came from...不管是墨西哥  還是中國
what, Mexico, China...會讓你覺得不好受嗎
would that hurt your feelings?那么你們憑什么可以評價我
So what gives you the right to judge me評價我要捍衛的東西
and what I stand for?憑你脖子上的刺青  先生
That tattoo on your neck does, sir.它說明你信仰的是仇恨與偏見
It tells me you stand for hatred and bigotry崇尚種族分裂的世界
and believe in a world of separation.我有道理這么評價你
I'm ok with judging that.本  休伊特先生  這是對你的警告
Ben. Mr. Hewitt, this is your only warning.離馬克和他的家人遠點
Stay away from Mark and his family.我們走
Let's go.才放手讓你上場五分鐘而已
I let you out of the bullpen for 5 minutes...抱歉  我剛剛做得太過了嗎
I'm sorry. Was I too much back there?不不  做得很好
No. No, you were good.你相信他嗎
Do you believe him?他把自己被拋棄的怨念
He's all abandonment issues wrapped up以謹慎隱藏的憤怒展露
in carefully concealed rage.我不覺得這件事是因為馬克離開了
I don't think this is about the group所以組織要報復他
wanting revenge on Mark because he left.這是查德和馬克的私人恩怨
This is about Chad and Mark.查德顯然有戀父情節
Chad's clearly got daddy issues.誰沒有呢
Who doesn't?他把馬克當成父親
He saw Mark as af father figure,他們的關系牢不可摧
impossible bond to break.不是牢不可摧
Not impossible."沒有家人你就一文不值"
"You're nothing without family."什么
What?馬克說過的一句話
Something Mark said.他離開了兄弟會
He left the brotherhood,娶了別的種族的妻子
he marries outside his race,跟他教給查德信仰
he rejects everything,背道而馳
he taught Chad to believe in.就好像弗蘭肯斯坦博士
It's like Dr. Frankenstein turning his back拋棄了自己創造的科學怪人
on the monster he created.那科學怪人想要什么
And what does the monster want?他是怨恨性跟蹤者
He's a resentful stalker.覺得被拋棄了  但更重要的是
He feels rejected, but more than that,他覺得自己被辜負了
he feels personally wronged.當得知馬克的新生活后
Discovering what Mark did with his life查德一定備受打擊
must have been a real blow for Chad.這很可能是他創建這個組織的初衷
It's probably why he started the group in the first place.現在他想利用這支力量
Now he wants to use that army來毀掉馬克的生活
to destroy the life that Mark created for himself.科學怪人想讓馬克重返兄弟會
The monster wants Mark to return to the brotherhood.他不相信他已經徹底改過自新了
He doesn't believe he's reformed.各位  今天向法官遞交
Guys, submit an emergency protective order針對查德的緊急保護令
against Chad to the judge today.今晚牢牢看好他
I want him served tonight.這樣他不能靠近他們100碼之內
So he can't come within 100 yards of them.他幫派的其他成員呢
What about the rest of his gang?貝絲  現在有空嗎
Hey, Beth. You got a sec?有的  威爾克斯警探  進來吧
Yeah. Detective Wilkes, come on in.我知道你今天早上
I, uh, understand you paid a visit拜訪了查德
to Chad hewitt this morning.沒錯  你怎么知道的
That's right. How'd you know that?我是特別小組的成員
Well, I'm part of a task force專門負責監視他
that's been surveilling him到現在已經有兩個月了
for a couple of months now.休伊特在山里
Hewitt's been building a group of neonazis成功建立了一個新納粹組織
in the valley successfully.他把暴力的成員和黨派成員分隔開了
He keeps the violent members compartmentalized但是  他確實在組建軍隊
from the political, but, yeah, he's building an army,所以我們想把他們擊垮
and we want to take it down.他利用自己的軍隊來跟蹤一個家庭
He's using that army to stalk a family.我們正在努力保護那家人
We're trying to protect them.特別小組努力保護的
The task force is trying to protect是整個社區
an entire community.反正你們的目標不也是光頭黨嗎
Isn't your guy a skinhead anyway?他改過自新了  不同以往
He's reformed. He's not that guy anymore.江山易改  本性難移
Well, people only change so much,不是嗎  杰克
don't you think, Jack?你是在讓我們遠離查德嗎
Are you telling us to stay away from Chad?我認為這沒必要變成一場競爭
I don't think this has to become adversarial.那就別插手
Then stay out of it.我這是在努力根除這些黨羽
I'm trying to cut the head off this beast,而不是以小罪名把休伊特關起來
not get Hewitt on some misdemeanor六個月后又把他放出來
so he can just get back out in 6 months.如果你們現在驚動他
And if you spook him now,他可能會打消原本的計劃
he may pull back from his plans.那正好  因為這正是我們的職責
Well, good. Because that's what we do here,希望能阻止他鬧出人命
and hopefully we stop him from killing someone.還有事嗎
Anything else?談話愉快
Always a pleasure.我不得不遠離小區
I had to get out of the neighborhood.我開始有種被禁錮的感覺
I was starting to feel all cooped up,所以我就把他帶來運動場
so I just brought him to the playground.他看著很好  已經交上一些朋友了
Well, he seems fine. I mean, he's already made a few friends.我不知道  不清楚
I don't know. I don't know.我可以和我姐姐談談  看能不能和她住
I might talk to my sister, see if we can stay with her.馬克希望我們去  是啊
Mark wants us to. Yeah.我去拿
I got it!你是在找這個嗎  小家伙
Hey. You looking for this, little guy?我也在想該怎么辦
Yeah. I'm trying to figure out what to do.我回頭再打給你好嗎
Um, I got to call you back, ok? Ok.蘭登
Landon?蘭登
Landon?蘭登
Landon?我爸爸也有這樣的紋身
My dad has one of those.他說這代表的是壞事
He says it means a bad thing.不是壞事
Aw, it's not bad.這是一種力量和強大的標志
It's a symbol of strength and power就像你爸爸一樣
just like your dad.別急  小家伙
Ah. Don't be in such a hurry, buddy.你喜歡摩托車嗎
Do you like motorcycles?因為如果你想騎摩托
Because, you know, if you want to ride a motorcycle,你該讓你爸爸來找我
you should tell your dad to come see me.蘭登  過來這里
Landon, get over here!你有個很勇敢的兒子
You got a brave boy there.你想做什么
What do you want?我只是在陪陪他
I was just keeping him company.他一個人在這
He was here all alone.社會上到處是可怕的人
Society is full of unsavory people.作為母親  你應該更加小心
As a mother, you should be more careful.放過我們
Leave us alone.很高興見到你
It was nice to meet you.我也是  小家伙
You, too, buddy.保護令已經生效
The protective order's in effect.如果他接近你或你的家人  我們可以逮捕他
If he comes near you or your family, we can arrest him.我想和查德談談
I want to talk to Chad.說不定他和我能把這事情談妥了
Look. Maybe he and I can just hash this out.和他見面是沒有好結果的
Nothing good can come from that meeting, Mark.聽著  他想要的是我
Listen. He wants me.和他聯系會變成一種無聲的支持和肯定
And contacting him would be tacit encouragement.他只會繼續追著你和你的家人
He'll only keep coming after you and your family.不不不  他是利用我的家人來接近我
No, no, no. He's using my family to get at me.他這招還是我教的
Look. I taught him that.請你耐心點  先生
You need to show a little patience here, sir.你是誰
Who are you?這位是搶劫兇案組的威爾克斯警探
This is detective Wilkes from robbery homicide.兇案組
Homicide?我知道這對你來說不容易
I know how difficult this is.當跟蹤的受害者開始預測
Stalking victims can often find themselves下一場跟蹤事故時
in a traumatic cycle where they start to他們常感到重復性受挫
anticipate the next stalking event.這種感覺  和創傷后精神障礙類似
The experience, it's not unlike PTSD.這會導致不理智的行為
It can lead to irrational acts.我并沒有失去理智
I'm not irrational.我只是不喜歡坐以待斃
I just don't like sitting around doing nothing.其實有件事你可以做
Well, there's something that you can do.洛杉磯警察已經在調查查德
LAPD has been investigating Chad,但還有關于他的事我們并不清楚
but there's still a lot we don't know about him,他的組織  以及其中的運作方式
his group, how they operate.你可以幫我們把查德關上很長一段時間
You could help us put Chad away for a very long time.如果我這么做  會被威脅一輩子
Look. I do that, I'm marked for life,不僅是查德  還有一切的光頭黨
not just by Chad but by every skinhead out there.是你一手造成的問題
You created this problem.你肯定能做些什么
There's something that you can do about it.你覺得這是我的報應嗎
You think I deserve this.沒有人這么想
No one thinks that.是  我就是這么認為
Uh, yeah, I do.這是你犯的錯
It is your fault, and you can do你可以做些事來補救
something to fix it.我這是在給你一條出路  馬克
I'm offering you a solution here, Mark.威爾克斯警探  夠了
Detective Wilkes, enough.馬克
Mark.你要相信我們
You got to trust us.弗蘭克讓蒂姆過來玩
Frank let tim come over and play.上帝保佑他
God bless him.我想讓你們立刻出發去你姐姐家
I want you guys to head over to your sister's.好嗎  他的一些東西我已經打包好了
All right? I packed up some of his stuff.我不會讓你一個人留在這的
I'm not leaving you here alone.咱們在一起更安全
We're safer if we're together.這東西拆不下來
It's not coming off.我們只是少個螺絲刀
We just need a screwdriver.他們從不允許我進去那里
I'm not supposed to go in there.就算為了我  好嗎
Please just do this for me, all right?我得確保你和蘭登的安全
I need to know that you and Landon are safe.呆在我身邊
Being around me right now,一點也不安全
it isn't safe.找到了
Here we go.這里一定有螺絲刀
There has to be a screwdriver in here.快點  免得被我爸爸看見
Hurry before my dad sees you.這東西真奇怪
That's weird.那放回去  咱們去問問我爸
Put it back, and let's go ask my dad.你會給我惹麻煩的
I'm going to get in trouble.這里有一個
Hey. Here's one.他難道不會跟著我去我姐姐家嗎
Then he will just follow me to my sister's house, won't he?下一步呢
Then what?我不知道
I don't know.蘭登
Landon!蘭登
Landon!蘭登
Landon!你還好嗎
Are you ok?蒂姆  蒂姆  你還好嗎
Tim, Tim, are you all right?好了  快點  大家都進去
All right. Let's go. Everybody inside.快  快點
Come on, come on.有人嗎
Hello?馬克·伊萬斯
Mark Evans. Heh.我剛剛看到你兒子了
Hey. I just met your son.我還在想你會不會變了
See, I wondered if you'd changed,不過我知道你沒變
but I knew you hadn't.別動我的家人
Leave my family alone.果然
There you are.我就知道你會這樣
I knew you were in there.別動我的家人
Leave my family alone.馬克去查德的店揍了他一頓
Mark went after Chad at his shop,大約一小時前自首了
turned himself in about an hour ago.爆炸的事有什么線索
What do we know about the explosive?拆彈小隊說是自造的  業余水平
Bomb squad said it was homemade, amateur hour.引爆裝置漏洞百出
Trigger device was faulty.所以才沒有人受傷或遇害
Only reason no one was seriously injured or killed.那孩子們呢
What about the kids?蘭登有輕微劃傷
Landon suffered a few shallow lacerations.鄰居家的孩子沒事  就是嚇壞了
Neighbor's kid's ok. They're both shaken up.他們真是幸運
They were really lucky.他在我家后院放了炸彈
He planted a bomb in my backyard.差點害死我兒子和他的朋友
He could have killed my son and his friend.馬克  我們無法證明那個裝置
Mark, we can't prove that Chad had跟查德有關
anything to do with that device.我不在乎你們能否證明
I don't care what you can prove.你可能會被以襲擊罪名起訴
You could be brought up on assault charges.你知道那意味著什么嗎
Do you know what that means?坐牢
Jail time.揍他一頓害得自己坐牢  值得嗎
Was cold cocking him worth it?我跟克里斯蒂娜聊過
I talked to Christina.她很擔心你
She's worried about you.我讓她帶著蘭登去她姐姐家了
Told her to take Landon over to her sister's.這件事只有你死我活才能結束
This isn't gonna end until one of us is dead.我們就這樣
It's just how we operate.我們
We?這就是兄弟會的行事風格
It's the brotherhood's way.我們說結束就能結束
This is going to end when we end it,但是你得放聰明點  馬克
but you need to be smart, Mark.你的家人都指望著你呢
Your family's depending on you.查德·休伊特會起訴嗎
Is Chad Hewitt gonna press charges?不會
No.他說他不希望馬克被送進監獄
He said he didn't want Mark to go to jail他覺得見到老朋友很開心
and it was good to see his old buddy.他好像在保護他一樣
It's like he's protecting him.他希望馬克回歸兄弟會
He wants Mark to come back to the brotherhood.馬克去找他  讓他有正當理由繼續糾纏
Mark's attack validated his stalking.正中他的下懷
It's exactly what he wanted.你還愿意跟我說話
So you're talking to me.這是好事
That's a good thing.我只是在工作
I'm doing my job.如果你能保持專業態度
If you can keep it professional,那我也可以
I can keep it professional.跟特倫特說吧
Tell that to Trent.別說這個  杰克
I'm not going there, Jack.但是你也沒有趕我離開洛杉磯
But you're not kicking me out of L.A. either.謝謝你
Thank you.謝什么
For what?讓我留下
Letting me stay.我們知道查德孤立了馬克
We know that Chad's isolated Mark還威脅了他的家人
and intimidated his family,但是他很小心
But he's been very careful.一直游離在法律底線內
He's acted within the law,不留下任何證據
doesn't leave any evidence,而且實行間接跟蹤
and he's stalked by proxy.但是給馬克家裝炸彈
Boobytrapping Mark's house,跟以往情況不太一樣
that seems different to me.是行為激化了嗎
It's an escalation?顯得很粗心
It's sloppy.我們終于拿到搜查令  可以看鄰居的監控錄像了
Hey. The warrant for the neighbor's surveillance video finally went through.有錄到光頭黨的人
We've got Skinheads.根本看不出什么人
Can't really make out any faces.但是有這個
But there's this.看得到車牌
We have a license plate.車是查德·休伊特的
The car belongs to Chad Hewitt.取證組搜了他的車
S.I.D. just finished searching his truck.沒有武器  沒有電擊槍  完全查不到有力證據
No weapons, no lasers, no evidence against Chad.可是他的車出現在了現場
But we have his truck at the scene.兩個光頭幫的人自首了
Two skinheads just turned themselves in.說是他們開了查德的車
They say they were driving Chad's truck整件事跟他沒有任何關系
and claim they alone are responsible是他們襲擊了理查德一家
for the attack on the Richards.這案子查不下去了
You guys are blowing it.你們根本沒有有力證據
You have no case against this guy.把他帶來這里風險很大  懂嗎
You realize the stakes of just bringing him in here?讓他招了就行
I'll break him.你手上根本沒有證據
You realize you don't have anything to hold me on.我們聊聊  純聊天
We're just talking, a civil chat.要請你的律師來嗎
Would you like your lawyer present?不用
I'm fine.來跟我說說  怎么會選擇這樣的生活
Tell me, how'd you get into this life?馬克很有說服力
Mark was very persuasive.他教會了一個整天被人欺負的男孩
He showed a kid who got his ass kicked every other day什么才叫真正的力量
what real power was.是他造就了如今的我
Shaped me into the man I am today.你似乎還很尊敬他
Seems to me like you still respect him,似乎還希望他在你的組織里
like you still want him a part of your gang.我從不會背叛家人
I never turn my back on family.我們血液相通
His blood is my blood.那你為什么要殺他
Then why'd you try to kill him?我沒有
I didn't.如果發現炸彈的是馬克
If Mark would have found that bomb,他可能會被炸死
he could have been killed,而你就是殺死自己導師的兇手
and then you would have lost your mentor.炸彈是懦夫才用的
A bomb is the tool of a coward.我很坦蕩
I have nothing to hide.不必逃避任何事
I have nothing to run from.馬克背棄了他教會你的一切
Mark completely rejected everything he taught you.這不會讓你產生懷疑嗎
That didn't create a doubt in your mind他給你的所謂力量只是過眼云煙
That the power he gave you was nothing but air?絕不會
Never!如果我周圍的是血統純正的家人
When I'm surrounded by my pureblood family,我很確定
I know it's real.馬克卻不這樣認為
It wasn't real to Mark.你去坐牢  可他袖手旁觀
You went to prison, and he left you behind.我知道你在干什么
I know what you're doing.你們這些二等人種都會這招...
It's what you subraces try to do...想挑撥離間
Turn us against each other.他不會開口
He's not gonna break.這可說不好
I don't know about that.耐心等待吧
Give here a minute.單憑一個女人的愛戀
All it took was the love of a woman,就能讓你在他心里變得一文不值
and you meant nothing to him.他背棄了你
He abandoned you和你憎恨的二等人種在一起
to be with one of those subraces you hate so much.單憑一個女人的愛戀
That's all it took.你知道我看著你的時候看到了什么嗎
Do you know what I see when I look at you?那個每天在學校受盡欺負的小男孩
I see that scared little kid who got his ass kicked總日擔驚受怕  沒有了馬克的保護
every day at school, and without Mark there to protect him,一旦事態發生變化
when push came to shove,他立馬又變回以前那個愚弱的小孩
he turned right back into that little kid.你錯了
You're wrong!我比他強大得多
I am stronger than he ever was,絕對比他那下賤的西班牙老婆
and I'm sure as hell smarter聰明幾萬倍
than some hab.問完了嗎
Are we done here?問完了
Done.又得從頭查起了
Back to square one.臭光頭黨[西語]
Cabeza rapada.你跟我說什么呢小子
What did you say to me, boy?要想住在洛杉磯  最好學點西班牙語
You should learn spanish if you're gonna live in Los Angeles.拜拜了  光頭黨
Adios, Skinhead.我要殺了你這西班牙賤貨  你死定了
I'm gonna kill your Mexican ass. You're dead!這里需要支援
We need backup now.銬好了
Here you go. Yeah.抓住了嗎
Got him?你被捕了  罪名是惡意威脅警方人員
You're under arrest for making a threat against a police officer.把他帶下去
Get him out of here.趕緊走  這邊
Let's go! This way.惡意威脅能關他四年
Criminal threat gets him 4 years.你這么做只不過是給你的受害人
All you've done is bought your victim爭取到一點茍延殘喘的空間
a little breathing room.有點不對經
There's something else.我覺得關于爆炸案  查德沒說謊
I think Chad was telling the truth about the bomb.炸彈不是他放的
He didn't set it.那就是光頭黨的黨羽
Then it was one of his Skinheads.不  查德不會授權的
No. Chad wouldn't have authorized that.他極其蔑視安設炸彈的行為
He was contemptuous about the bomb,覺得這樣有失身份
like it was beneath him.沒錯  他不想殺了馬克
Right. He doesn't want to kill Mark.他想讓他重回組織
He wants him back.沒錯
Exactly.好吧  那炸彈是誰放的
Ok. So who set it?鄰居們的攝像頭什么也沒錄下
The neighbors' security cameras didn't catch anyone.安置炸彈的是能不知不覺地
The bomb was planted by someone who knew how to get潛入他家的人
in and out without being noticed.熟知社區里各個攝像頭的位置
Someone who knew about those cameras in the neighborhood,以及避開它們的途徑
how to avoid them.所以是社區里的人干的
So it was someone from the neighborhood.所有人都以為自己很了解馬克
Everyone thought they knew Mark.也許馬克過去的暴露  觸發了一些情緒
Maybe finding out about Mark's past triggered something.本  把詹妮絲叫回來
Ben, pull Janice.我們得著重觀察鄰居們
We need to focus on the neighbors,任何有心理以及精神病史的人
Anyone with priors or a history of mental illness.杰克  去找馬克  把他帶走
Jack, go get Mark, get him out of there.我和他一起去
I'll go with him.不  不用了
No. Not necessary.走吧  杰克  正好聯絡一下感情
Come on, Jack. It will give us an opportunity to bond.真的不用了
I'm good.走吧
Come on.好  在哪呢
Yeah. Where is it?好的  我會帶上
Ok. I'll grab it.好  我們一會見
Yeah. All right. I'll see you soon.我也愛你  親愛的  拜拜
I love you, too, sweetheart. Bye.我去找馬克
I'll get Mark.拉森
Larsen.你們找到馬克了嗎
Do you have Mark?我們剛到  你們查到了什么
Just landed. What do you got?霍華德·葛靈杰  住在對面街
Howard Granger. Lives across the street薩特街10331號
at 10331 Sutter.沒有犯罪前科  但他在警局有檔案
No criminal record, but he did file十年前的案件報告
a police report 10 years ago.他被一群人襲擊了
He was attacked by a group of men.那是種族性犯罪  杰克
It was racially motivated, Jack,被歸類為仇視性犯罪
classified as a hate crime.警方一直沒找到嫌疑人
They never found the suspects.仇視性犯罪的受害者住在
Victim of a hate crime living across the street改過自新的光頭黨對面
from a reformed skinhead?他可能處于精神崩潰狀態
He could be experiencing a psychotic break, Jack.也許會產生幻覺
He could be delusional.要小心
Be careful.沒人  有打斗的痕跡
Gone. Looks like there was a struggle.派點人手過來  馬克不見了
Get some units out here. Mark's missing.霍華德·葛靈杰  洛杉磯警察
Howard Granger? LAPD.里面有人影移動
There's someone moving around in there.你從后面包抄
Go cover the back.警察
Police!你還好嗎
You ok?沒事
Yeah.他突然冒出來了
He came out of nowhere.你們為什么要保護他
Why are you protecting him?放下武器
Put the weapon down.他是光頭黨
He's a Skinhead!他不比我好
He's no better than me!放開他
Get off him.你們為什么要保護他
Why are you protecting him?他就該死  他們都該死
He deserves to die. He they all deserve to die.我最后說一遍
I'm not gonna ask you again.放下武器
Drop your weapon.他不比我好
He's no better than me.他不比我好
He's no better than me.你沒事吧
You ok?傷口不深  死不了
It's not deep. I'll live.你沒事
Hi.這給你  拉森警探
Excuse me, Detective Larsen.謝謝
Thank you.本
Hey, Ben.你今天的表現很棒
Really nice job today.謝謝
Thanks.晚安
Good night.謝謝
Thank you.馬克同意跟我們合作
Mark's agreed to work with us.他會幫我們讓查德把牢底坐穿
Looks like he's gonna help put Chad away for good.你的傷怎么樣了
How's your wound?沒事  我有止痛藥還有紅酒
Fine. I got pain pills and wine.這組合真讓人擔心
That scares me.我知道你和杰克之間有一段過去
I know you and Jack have a past.如果你不想說  那就沒關系
You don't want to talk about it, that's fine,但你不覺得伊森
but don't you think Ethan有權見見自己的父親嗎
has a right to see his father?是杰克告訴你的嗎
Did Jack tell you that?不是
No.但這是真的  不是嗎
But it is true, isn't it?沒錯  這是真的
Yeah, it's true.而且事情很復雜
And it's complicated.跟   蹤   者第一季  第七集去蘇荷館[倫敦頂級私人會所]  我沒時間
The Soho House? No, I can't.我明晚必須早點到后臺準備
I have an early call time tomorrow night,有一堆臺詞要背
and I've got a ton of a dialogue to learn.我們周末去希奧爾希奧[意大利餐廳]怎么樣
Why don't we do Giorgio's this weekend?也行  晚點聊  拜拜
Ok. All right. Talk to you later. Bye.水溫真舒服
Ahh. That's nice.保羅  你不能這么做
"Paul, you can't do this.你不能就這樣出現  向我表白
"You can't show up here and profess your love還指望我忘記你的所作所為
"and expect me to forget everything you've ever done."然后  保羅懇求了很久之類的
Ok. "Paul begs." blah, blah, blah.我再也不會信任你了  保羅
"I'll never trust you, Paul,信任一旦不在
"and once the trust is gone,愛也就不在了
"love is lost."保羅淚如雨下
"Tears flow."艾米麗
Emily?你還在嗎
You still here?我以為你回去休息了  親愛的
I thought you were taking the night off, babe.聞著真香
Yummy.艾米麗
Emily?艾米麗
Emily?你在哪
Where are you?艾米麗
Emily?你和那個孩子怎么樣了
So how goes it with the child?你一定要這樣折磨我嗎
Must you torture me?我說的孩子吧  是指
Did I say, "child?"非常非常年輕的男人
I meant very young man.合法年齡  我得補充一下
Of legal age, I might add.他叫什么名字來著
What's his name again?布洛迪
Brody.布洛迪
Brody.我什么時候才能見到這個年輕的布洛迪啊
When do I get to meet the young but legal Brody?今天晚點我會見他
Uh, I'm seeing him later today.你如果還是這個態度
You, however, shall see him when hell freezes over就永遠別指望見到他了
with that attitude.你知道我很激動
You know I am thrilled.所以說真的  你和他到底怎么樣
Seriously, how's it going?就像你說的  火熱而毫無負擔的快樂
It's hot, nostrings fun like you said.我遵照了您的指示
I follow directions.乖了
Good girl.那布洛迪呢  他怎么樣
And Brody? What's his deal?愿意接受這種輕松而快樂的愛戀嗎
Is he fine with it being light and fun?當然  拜托  他還是個孩子
He's fine. Please. He's a child.他不是孩子  他是個
He's not a child. He's just a...非常年輕的合法成年人
very, very young legal man.快走吧  趕緊的  懶得和你說了
Go. Get now. I'm done with you.再見
Bye.貝爾  早上好
Morning, Belle.早上好  杰克在找你
Good morning. Jack is looking for you.你的信
Your mail.謝謝
Thanks.好萊塢分局報告一起強行入室案件
Hollywood Station called in a home invasion和一件舊案子有關
on an active case.哪一個
Which one?女演員妮娜·普勒斯頓  新聞已經泄露
Actress. Nina Preston. News already broke.記者和狗仔隊已經聞風而動涌去她家了
Reporters and paparazzi are all over her house.詹妮絲和本已經到達案發現場
Janice and Ben are already on the scene.好的
Good.你還好嗎  是什么壞消息
You okay? Bad news?什么
What?不是我愛管閑事
Oh. I'm not being nosy.字體很大  我遠遠就能看見
It's big letters. I can read it from here.沒什么
It's nothing.走吧
Let's go.后退一下
Hey. Let's step back.原來妮娜·普勒斯頓這么有名
I didn't know Nina Preston was such a big deal.沒看過她的劇  是叫《野蠻海岸》嗎
Never seen her show. What's it called "Savage Shore"?我也沒看過  不過似乎很火
I haven't seen it either, but it's a big hit.這也使她成了幾個跟蹤者的目標
It's made her the target of several stalkers.她有很多粉絲
She has a huge fan base.你看看狗仔隊這架勢
I mean, look at the paparazzi.簡直像在追逐獵物
They hunt her.你這是在干什么
What do you think you're doing?為了有個更好的拍照視角
Just going for a better shot.從下面什么都看不到
You can't see anything from here.拿著你的相機快滾
Take your camera and get the hell out of here.好吧
Fine.查查看  我在外面  沒問題吧
Check this. I'll be outside, okay?妮娜外出回來了  她慌得厲害
Nina's out back, and she's pretty shaken.和她姐姐在一起
She's with her sister.是希瑟·米勒干的嗎
Are we looking for Heather Miller?正在追蹤  很顯然
We're locating her now. Apparently, she was她一個月前就從醫院放出來了
released from the hospital a month ago,轉變成了門診病人
downgraded to outpatient.好的  有事隨時告訴我
All right. Well, keep me in the loop.我去和妮娜談談
I'm gonna go talk to Nina.這邊走
This way.希瑟·米勒是誰
Who's Heather Miller?妮娜的狂粉
An obsessed fan of Nina's.去年有兩起非法入侵的記錄
Booked on two counts of trespassing last year曾被轉到法庭托管的精神病院接受治療
and was diverted to a courtmandated psychiatric ward.有妄想癥和多重人格障礙
Delusional, dissociative disorder.暴力嗎
Violent?有這個傾向
Potentially.妮娜看見襲擊者的長相了嗎
Did Nina get a look at the attacker?沒有
No.監控錄像也沒拍到
Neither did the security cameras.過來看看  她的設備不錯
Check it out. She has a nice little setup here.她有間全天開啟的安全室
She has a fullon panic room.真聰明
Smart girl.但妮娜碰上粉絲的時候就倒霉了
Nina's had some bad luck when it comes to fans.襲擊者戴著燒傷病人面具
The attacker's wearing a burn victim mask.這是為什么
What's that about?因為保羅的臉被燒傷了
It's because Paul burned his face.在《野蠻海岸》中  保羅跑進
In "savage shore." Paul ran into一幢著火的大樓  他以為莉莉在里面
a burning building because he thought Lily was inside,并因此毀了容
and that's when he got horribly disfigured,但實際上  莉莉根本不在樓里
but turns out, Lily was never inside the building.是布魯斯設計要害死保羅
It was all a ploy by Bruce to kill Paul.結果卻弄巧成拙  莉莉最后
Only it backfired because Lily ended up愛上了保羅
falling in love with Paul.真是諷刺  我們天天一起工作
Interesting how you can work side by side with someone我卻根本不了解她
and you don't really know them at all.我猜猜  你看《傲骨賢妻》吧
Let me guess. You watch "The Good Wife"?你是妮娜的姐姐
You're Nina's sister.是的  我叫艾米麗
Yeah. Emily.你昨晚在哪  艾米麗
Where were you last night, Emily?我在這待到大約六點鐘
I was here till around 6:00,后來有事就走了
and then I had to go run some errands.我也是妮娜的助理
I'm also Nina's assistant.姐姐兼助理  是怎么回事
Sister and assistant? How does that work?那個女孩跟蹤她后我主動來幫忙
I offered to help her after that girl started stalking her.家里有陌生人妮娜很不安心
Nina didn't feel comfortable with strangers in the house.還有其他雇工嗎
Any other employees?沒了  只有我  這樣更安全
Nope. Just me. It's safer that way.襲擊妮娜的人了解她的個人情況
Nina's attacker knew personal things about her.她最喜歡吃千層面
Lasagna was her favorite food,最喜歡的花是玫瑰
and roses were her favorite flower.你知道誰會這么了解妮娜嗎
Can you think of anyone who knows Nina like that?知道  網上的任何人
Yep. Anyone on the internet.妮娜粉絲很多
Nina has a lot of fans.有的人已經近乎瘋狂了
Some of them go a little crazytown.她想沒想過雇傭私人保安
Has she thought about hiring private security.我正在找呢
I'm looking into it right now.你什么時候有的安全室
When did you put in the panic room?桑德拉·布洛克碰上那種可怕的事情之后
After that horrible situation with Sandra Bullock.你說襲擊你的人是男性
You stated that your attacker was a man.有可能是女性嗎
Could it have been a woman?有可能  那人戴著面具所以我看不清楚
I guess. Um, I didn't really get a good look because of the mask.身上包得很嚴實  戴著手套  穿著大衣
The body was covered, the hands had gloves, a big coat.有沒有可能是被抓起來的那個古怪女孩
You don't think it was that nutty girl you guys put away, do you?我收到通知她已經被釋放了
I got a notification that she'd been released.我們正在調查
We're looking into it.你們最近見過面嗎
Has she had any contact with you lately?沒有
No.怎么可能見到她呢
Where would I see her?我都不怎么出門
I don't really go out that much.這是三年來我第四次被跟蹤了  副隊長
This is my fourth stalker in 3 years, lieutenant.我哪兒都不去誰都不見
I don't go anywhere to see anyone.我明白  這種生活是我追求的
Listen. I get it. You know, I wanted this.我來洛杉磯是為了當明星  為了出名
I came to L.A. To be an actress, to be famous.我沒有抱怨
I'm not crying a river here,可是...
but...自己家里都不安全嗎
I should be safe in my own home.明星的跟蹤者在行動之前會寫信
Celebrity stalkers write to their targets before approaching.她的公關把她的電子郵件給了我們
Her publicist gave us access to her email,但里面有上千封來信
but there are thousands of messages.全看完要花很長時間
It will take us a while to slog through them all.我在網上徹查了一遍
I scoured the internet.有關妮娜和那部電視劇的論壇和聊天室
There's hundreds of forums and chat rooms有好幾百個
about Nina and the show.她推特上有三百萬個粉絲
She has 3 million twitter followersInstagram上的更多
and even more on Instagram.她的生活人盡皆知
So her life is out there.跟蹤者有很多種辦法接近她
Her stalker has too much access to her.一點隱私也沒有  狗仔隊記錄著
Complete access. The paparazzi chronicle她生活的方方面面
every aspect of her life.有的時候甚至會失控
Sometimes, it can get out of control.我在調查幾個有前科的人
I'm running background checks on several paps查他們的背景資料
with arrest records.那部劇講的什么
What's the show about?小孩愛看的那種哥特式愛情故事
It's your typical teen Gothic romance.挺好看的  她扮演的角色愛上了一個
Very addictive. Her TV character is in love慘遭毀容的男人
with a disfigured man.真是"美女與野獸"的現代版
It's very "beauty and the beast" thematically.跟蹤者可能認為他和妮娜
The stalker may see himself as Nina's savior是彼此的救星
and she his.晚餐  蠟燭  美酒
Dinner, candles, bottle of wine.畢竟  這是很老套的追求方式
I mean, this is like bad textbook romance.你有什么想法
What are you thinking?用這種方式的人應該是很沒經驗的追求者
This kind of display screams incompetent suitor,單身又寂寞  從來沒談過戀愛
someone single and lonely, never been in a real relationship,可能是處男  但他要的并不是性行為
Possibly a virgin, but he's not after sex.他要的是戀愛關系
He's looking for a love connection.他每時每刻都在想著妮娜
He spends every waking minute thinking about Nina和他們之間的未來
and their future together.就像她之前的跟蹤者  希瑟·米勒
Like her previous stalker  Heather Miller.她在哪
Where is she?警員正在帶她過來
They're bringing her in now.他可以給我寄東西嗎
Does he have access to send me mail?我只是想知道這點
That's all I'm asking.不  上面沒有寄出的地址
No. There's no return address,但是郵戳是西雅圖的
but it's postmarked Seattle,所以是他寄的
so he sent it.肯定有人寄了
Somebody sent it.你能不能再查一下
Will you please check again然后打回這個電話給我
and call me back on this number?如果我沒接到  就留言給我
If I don't pick up, leave a message.謝謝
Thank you.希瑟·米勒帶來了
Heather Miller is here.妮娜沒事吧
Is Nina ok?有人傷害她嗎
Someone hurt her?有人在跟蹤她
Someone's stalking her?你就曾經跟蹤她
You were stalking her.我不是個跟蹤狂
I'm not a stalker.我只是個癡迷狂熱的粉絲
I'm an obsessed and enthusiastic fan,但我對妮娜或其他任何人都沒有威脅
but I pose no danger to Nina or anyone else.你拿著一把8英寸的獵刀爬進她家的墻
You climbed her wall carrying an 8inch hunting knife.那是把紅寶石匕首
It was a rubyjeweled dagger,出自第三季劇終集里  莉莉為了花錢
an exact replica of the one Lily was forced to pawn幫保羅恢復面容
in the finale of Season 3 to pay不得已當掉的那把匕首
for Paul's reconstructive surgery.她是個瘋子
She's crazy.那集超好看
It was a great episode.他們找到一個愿意幫保羅恢復面容的醫生
They found this one doctor who agreed to reconstruct Paul's face,但是手術極度危險
but it was extremely dangerous保羅差點因為神經損傷
because of all the nerve damage,而死掉
and Paul almost died.他在第三季最后一集心跳停止
He flatlined until Season 4.這是史上最精彩的懸念了
The best cliffhanger ever.你也瘋了
You're crazy.你出院以后
And you've had no contact with Nina沒跟妮娜聯系過嗎
since you were discharged from the hospital?沒有  法庭禁止我聯系她
No. I was told I couldn't contact her.現在有所改變嗎
Something changed?你在粉絲會和聊天室里
You're still very active on the fan boards依然非常活躍
and chat rooms.是啊  法庭又沒禁止我追劇
Yeah. I was never told I couldn't be a fan of the show.你昨晚在哪
Where were you last night?在家  追《野蠻海岸》第五季
At home, watching the Season 5 marathon of "Savage Shore."兩周后第六季就開播了
Season 6 starts in two weeks.你能不能告訴妮娜你找我談過話
Are you gonna tell Nina that you talked to me?我真的很想她  你要是能告訴她
Because I really miss her. I'd appreciate我會很感激的
if you told her that,或者我可以寫個便條給她
or I could write it on a sticky.她雖然瘋  但我覺得不是她干的
She's crazy, but I don't think she did it.我同意杰克的看法  她不太正常
I'm with Jack. She has issues,但她并不符合我們的分析
but she doesn't fit the profile.我同意  我覺得希瑟尋找的不是
I agree. I don't think what Heather's looking for愛情
is a love relationship.我覺得她想要的是友情
I think what she wants is a friend.本  找到跟妮娜·普勒斯頓有關的拘捕記錄了嗎
Ben, have you found any arrest records concerning Nina Preston?有好幾個  其中有個下三濫的狗仔隊
There's several, but there's one pap, total sleaze.他因試圖拍妮娜的照片
He's been arrested a bunch of times被捕多次了
for trying to take pics of Nina.也就是今早我從妮娜家墻上
That's the guy I pulled off the wall拽下來的家伙
at Nina's house this morning.我要找他談談
I want to talk to him.布魯斯  怎么了
Bruce, what's wrong?你在干嗎
What are you doing?我累了  莉莉
I'm tired, Lily.為了讓你愛我  我已經做盡了一切
I've done everything I know to make you love me.我無法跟個幽靈競爭
I can't compete with a phantom,如果我得不到你  他也別想得到你
and if can't have you, well, he's not gonna have you either.我早該知道你會出現的
Yeah. I should have known you'd show up.你死定了  你這個變態死定了
You're a dead man. Make that a dead freak.布魯斯
Bruce!保羅  小心
Paul, careful!保羅  保羅  小心
Paul! Paul! Be careful!保羅  保羅  好了
Paul, Paul! Ok.住手  住手
Stop it, stop!你們倆都給我住手
Stop it, both of you!保羅  保羅  保羅
Paul! Paul? Paul!小心
Be careful!我不是你要找的人
I'm not the guy you're looking for.是嗎  大多數狗仔隊都換著明星追
Oh, really? Most paparazzi jump from celebrity to celebrity,但是你沒日沒夜地跟著妮娜
but you stick with Nina day and night.我能說什么呢  我一直都有這種
What can I say? I've always had a unique talent專注一致的才能
all my energy on one task.是啊  有些人稱之為癡迷
Yeah. Some would call that an obsession.上個月  你開始專注于妮娜之后
Your wife divorced you last month你妻子就跟你離婚了
right after you started focusing on Nina.這是兩碼事
What does that have to do with anything?這是典型的移情
It's classic transference.你心碎了  于是就把注意力
You get your heart broken, then you turn your attention轉到另一個人身上
to someone new.你把所有時間都花在追蹤妮娜上
You spend all your time following Nina.于是自然而然
It's understandable你覺得自己似乎認識她
you start to feel like you know her.追蹤妮娜是我的工作
It's my job to follow Nina.也許最初是份工作
Well, maybe it started as a job后來轉變成一種迷戀
and turned into a fixation.還沒反應過來  你已經闖入她家
Next thing you know, you're breaking into her house只為了拉近和她的距離
just to get close to her.聽著  這不是我干的
Look, that wasn't me, OK?我跟蹤妮娜是因為
I stick with Nina because my exwife我前妻留一屁股債給我
left me kneedeep in debt,而妮娜就是我的搖錢樹
and Nina's my cash cow.一張她在魯尼恩山谷穿著超短褲的照片
A shot of her in short shorts at Runyon我就能得到500美元
gets me 500 bucks.一張衣冠不整的照片能換一千塊
A bad hair day brings in a thou.妮娜毫無疑問是這圈子里的紅人
Nina's what they call in my world a sure thing.你為何總能趕在人前拍到更好的照片
Why is that you get all the best shots before anyone else?我有線人  可以嗎
I got a source, OK?有人通知我妮娜的行程
Someone tells me where Nina's gonna be.這個線人叫什么
What's his name?老兄  這可是狂野的美國西部
Heh. It's the wild west out there, man.到處都是名人八卦網的眼線
TMZ's got eye's everywhere.我需要把握住每一個優勢
I need every advantage I can get.那你意思是寧愿背黑鍋坐牢嗎
You saying you'd rather go down for something you didn't do?不  我意思是我需要一位律師
No. I'm saying I want a lawyer.你這樣來來去去
You know, you come in and out of my life.我覺得自己像你的炮友
I feel like a booty call.真的嗎  有趣的是
Really? Oh, that's funny,我也這么覺得
because I feel exactly the same way.是你打電話叫我來的
You did call me.好吧  我的錯
Ha ha! OK. Guilty.我只是想見見你
I just wanted to see you.你就像是我包養的小白臉
It's like you're my own private little toy.我對這個沒意見
Hmm. I don't have a problem with that.你要知道  我真的很喜歡你
You know, I really like you.只要你別把這關系看得太認真
Just as long as you don't take it too seriously.這只是為了輕松和快樂
This is supposed to be light and fun.輕松和快樂
Light and fun.那就這么說定了
Light and fun it is.因為我有陰影
Because I have issues.你不會想深入了解的
You don't want to get too close.那這算是深入了嗎
Is this is this too close?不算
No.那這樣呢
Is this?不算
No.很完美
It's perfect.我們都有陰暗面
We all have issues.我必須得去工作了
I have to go to work.我要去洗澡
I'm gonna have a shower.要一起嗎
Care to join me?其實我也該走了
Actually, I, uh, I should run, too.明晚有一場關于唐人街的夜晚秀
There's a midnight showing of "Chinatown",在比斯塔  如果你愿意來的話
tomorrow night at the Vista if you're interested.好啊  聽著很不錯
Yeah. Sounds great.我們11點關門  到時在那碰面
We close at 11:00. I'll meet you there.{\an8}貝絲
地址
安保密碼我傳召了埃迪·甘尼斯的銀行記錄
I subpoenaed Eddie Gaines' bank records.每筆拍照收入都會轉百分之十給另一賬戶
He's been wiring 10% of every photo fee to an external account.所以他確實有線人
So he was telling the truth about his source.還是不怎么喜歡他
Still don't like him.這家伙是只寄生蟲  合法的跟蹤狂
Guy's a parasite, a legal stalker.詹妮絲  你能查到這個賬戶是誰的嗎
Janice, can you track this external account?這就開始查
Give me a minute.不論這線人是誰  他都比別人
Whoever the source is, he knew about更早清楚妮娜的家被闖入的消息
the home invasion at Nina's before anyone else did.很可能是我們要找的跟蹤狂
Could be our stalker.為什么妮娜的跟蹤者要把消息透露給狗仔呢
Why would Nina's stalker tip off the paparazzi?和妮娜的出發點一樣
Same reason why Nina would他人的關注  名氣
Attention, notoriety.還有錢  很多名人的跟蹤者
Money. Most celebrity stalkers have a hard time都很難保住自個兒的飯碗
holding on to a steady job.我了個去
Well, I'll be damned.你不會相信我查到了誰
You won't believe who it is.你就是那個線人  艾米麗
You're our leak, Emily.如果我不幫他
Well, if I hadn't helped him,他還是會從別處拿到照片
he would have gotten the photo some other way.幫了他  妮娜名氣更大  而我也有錢賺
This way, Nina gets the publicity, and I get the cash.這是雙贏
It's winwin.你讓你的妹妹處于危險之中
You put your sister in danger.像埃迪·甘尼斯這種人
Guys like Eddie Gaines給錢他什么都愿意做
will do whatever it takes to get paid.所以我才選擇了他
That's exactly why I chose him.你挺恨她的  對吧
You really resent her, don't you?你不會懂我們之間的關系
You don't know anything about our relationship.話是不錯  但我明白姐妹間不互相照顧
No, but I do know what it's like when sister's don't會有什么后果
protect each other.妮娜永遠是有才華的那個
Well, Nina was always the gifted one.她注定有不凡的成就
She was destined for greatness.與她競爭一定很辛苦
That must have been hard to compete with.任何事對妮娜來說都是信手拈來
Everything comes easy for nina.我明白  你只身干著六個人的活
Look. I get it. You do the job of 6 people.妮娜并不清楚你為她付出了什么
Nina has no idea what you do for her.我接受這份工作是因為她需要我
I took the job because she needed my help.我本來在俄亥俄州有自己的生活
I had a life back in Ohio,但我為她拋下了一切
and I left it all behind for her.為什么不辭職離開
Why not just leave?說著容易做著難
Easier said than done.代價太大了
I can't afford to.所以你選擇和埃迪·甘尼斯合作
So you make a deal with Eddie Gaines.我只是想要回自己的生活
I just want my life back.有了這筆錢一切才有可能
That money is the only way it's ever gonna happen.你把我置于危險之中
You put my life in danger for就為了多賺點錢
a little bit of extra cash?你算什么姐姐
What kind of sister does that?我放棄了一切來幫你
I gave up everything to help you.我在俄亥俄州有好工作
I had a good job in Ohio,生活一切順利
I had a good life.是你想來好萊塢  不是我
You wanted Hollywood, not me.你走吧  我不想看到你
You need to leave. I can't look at you.挺好的  你知道為什么嗎
That's great because you know what?你總是這么以自我為中心
It's all about you all the time.自私的婊子
Selfish bitch.真受不了
I can't stand her.不  不要啊
No, no, no, no!需要幫助嗎
Need some help?不用了  我還是打給汽車協會
No. I'm just gonna call AAA.他們趕來大概要一個小時
It will take them over an hour to get here,我有卸胎棍
and I've got a jack.是嗎  那就麻煩你了
Really? Thank you.再次謝謝你
Thank you again so much.好吧
Right.你剛從妮娜·普勒斯頓家出來嗎
Were you just coming from Nina Preston's house?不  這不是她家
No. I don't think so.我懂的
Heh. I get it.出于隱私原因  你不愿說對吧
You wouldn't say for privacy reasons, right?你住在這附近嗎
Do you live around here?我以前似乎沒有見過你
I don't think I've seen you before.我只是來看朋友的
I'm just visiting someone.建議你不要這樣  艾米麗
I wouldn't do that, Emily.你想干什么
What do you want?我想要你對妮娜好點
I want you to be nicer to Nina.你傷害了她  我知道你干了什么
You've hurt her. I know what you did.你休想就這樣離開
I can't let you get away with that.不
No!不  不
No! no!妮娜  妮娜
Nina! Nina!快來人  救命啊  你還好嗎
Help! Somebody! Are you ok?他說我傷害了妮娜
He said I'd hurt Nina.那時我才知道他一直在監視我們
That's when I knew he'd been watching us.你以前見過這個男的嗎
Have you ever seen this guy before?沒有
Never.能描述一下他的長相嗎
Can you describe him?二十大幾或三十歲  棕色頭發
Late 20s, early 30s, brown hair,長相普通
averagelooking.我們會請一個素描畫家進來
A sketch artist is gonna come in再跟你談談
and talk to you.請你盡量想起當時的細節
Try to remember as much detail as possible.我對妮娜那樣  這是我活該
I deserve this after what I did to Nina.沒有人應該被這樣對待
Nobody deserves this.里德在安排二十四小時保護
Reed is arranging 24hour protection.你真覺得這個人是我的跟蹤狂嗎
So you really think this guy could be my stalker?我們還不確定
We're not sure yet.我跟艾米麗大吵了一架
Emily and I had a really bad fight.我說了一些氣話
I said some things.我們以前不會這樣的
We never used to be this way.我們曾經是好朋友的
We used to be best friends, you know?為什么你的姐姐會為你工作
Why does your sister work for you?我需要她  我搬來了洛杉磯  孤身一人
I needed her. I moved to L.A., I was all alone.有她陪著感覺很好  你懂嗎
Having her here was nice, you know?她是我的家人  我信任她
She's my family. I trusted her.但是家庭關系有時候很難處理  尤其是姐妹
Yeah, but family can be tough, especially sisters.有時候親人會讓你失望  妮娜
People can disappoint you, Nina,但是有時也會讓你驚訝
but they can also surprise you.我知道她愛你
I know she loves you.素描畫家送來了襲擊艾米莉的人的畫像
The sketch artist sent over the drawing of Emily's attacker.這就是我們要找的人
So this is our guy.我拿他的畫像
I compared it against all跟我們記錄里的狗仔隊照片對比了
the paparazzi mug shots we have on file.沒找到相似結果
Nothing close.把這個送給妮娜的人
Get this to Nina's people.告訴他們要小心提防
Tell them to be on the lookout.我似乎有發現了
I think I found something.發生在房子里的攻擊事件
The attack at the house, where the stalker襲擊者給妮娜做了晚餐
made dinner for Nina, was right out出自《野蠻海岸》的一集
of an episode of Savage Shore.什么意思
What is this?向你道歉
An apology.你不該來這里  保羅
You shouldn't be here, Paul.我本來以為是巧合
See, I thought it was a coincidence,但是艾米麗被襲擊之后  我就知道了
but then when Emily was attacked, I knew.你這個變態死定了
Make that a dead freak.布魯斯  保羅  小心
Bruce! Paul, careful.我們要找的跟蹤者也用了卸胎棍  你看
Our stalker used a tire iron. See?他在模仿那部劇里的場景
He's reenacting scenes from the show.而且演繹的是那個臉被燒傷的男人
From the point of view of the guy with the burned face.保羅  他叫保羅
Paul. His name's Paul.這位跟蹤狂和保羅有同感
Our stalker identifies with Paul because因為他與常人不同  不被接受
he's different, an outsider?是這樣嗎  也許就是我們要找的人
Is that right? Probably like our guy.沒錯
Exactly.妮娜的角色
Nina's character...莉莉
Lily.莉莉愛上了保羅  不在乎他的殘缺
Lily is in love with Paul in spite of his deformity?對
Yes.這位跟蹤者如此執迷于妮娜
Our stalker is fixated on Nina because he feels是因為他覺得只有她能夠看到他的內在魅力
she's the only one who sees past his imperfections.我做了你的最愛
I made your favorite,小麥吐司加早餐三明治
breakfast sandwich on wheat toast.你沒把硬面包皮切掉
You forgot to cut the crusts off.我不喜歡你老值晚班
Now I don't like you working the late shift.我都見不到你
I hardly ever get to see you.你這件衣服是不是不合適
Well, I'm not sure about that outfit.不太像去工作的穿著
It's not appropriate business attire.我會戴圍裙  沒事
I wear an apron. It's fine.別走405道  有施工
Oh, stay off the 405. There's construction,到了之后打給我
and call me when you get there.知道了
I will!別一副不耐煩的語氣  小子
Don't take that tone with me, young man.我錯了  媽媽
I'm sorry, mom.你忘記吃藥了
You forgot your pills.我愛你  親愛的
I love you, dear.我也愛你
I love you, too."我已經追你的劇追很久了
"I've been a fan of your show for a long time.里面的角色讓我很有共鳴
"The characters really speak to me.我跟保羅簡直就是一個人
"Paul and I could be the same person.你是我的莉莉嗎  我覺得我們是命中注定
"Are you my Lily? I think we're meant to be.終有一天會與彼此相遇"
Destiny will draw us together."只有這封郵件
Is this the only Email that fits符合搜索條件嗎
the search parameters?在香港有一個
There was a guy in Hong Kong佛羅里達州有一個
and another one in Florida,但是只有這個在洛杉磯一百英里以內
but this is the only one within a hundredmile radius of L.A.聽起來像是我們要找的人
It sounds like to could be our guy.他只發了這一封嗎
And he just sent the one email?我只找到這一封
It's the only one I found.他居然只給妮娜寫過一封郵件
Seems weird he would only write to Nina once.他很沒耐心
He's impatient.沒立刻收到她的回復
When he didn't hear back from her immediately,就去了她家
he decided to show up at her house.找到寄信人的地址了嗎
You located the person who sent this yet?名叫羅伯特·達爾頓  33歲  住在埃爾塞貢多
His name is Robert Dalton, 33, lives in El Segundo.我們去看看吧
We should check it out.把你能找到的所有信息發給我
Email us everything you can find on this guy.我不信
I don't believe it.羅比是個乖孩子
Robbie is a good boy.他不會做出這種事
He would never do anything like that.你的兒子騙了你  達爾頓夫人
Your son's lying to you, Mrs. Dalton.我們打給了商店  一個月前他就被開除了
We called the store. He was fired over a month ago.不可能  他一直跟我說去工作了
Well, that can't be. He told me he was working.前天晚上他在哪里
Where was he the night before last?他去看電影了
Uh, he went to see a movie.什么電影
What movie?他沒說嗎
He didn't say?對  他沒說
No. He did not say.你看
Look at this.{\an8}妮娜·普勒斯頓羅比一直在監控著妮娜的推特狀態
Robbie's been monitoring Nina's twitter feed."今天真適合游泳"
"Beautiful day for a swim,""謝謝你們的支持"
"Thank you for all your support."我姐姐沒事  希望警察能夠盡早抓到壞蛋"
"My sister's doing ok. I hope the police catch"別讓這個變態再傷害別人"
This creep before he hurts someone else."她說了一句變態
She went wrong with "Creep."推特語氣太沖動  羅比覺得襲擊艾米麗
Impulsive tweeting. Robbie thinks he's helping Nina是在幫妮娜
by attacking Emily.他可能會覺得這句話是拒絕
He could interpret this as rejection.從而促使他去襲擊她
It could trigger him to go after her.我覺得我得去趟咖啡廳
Um, I think I'm gonna go to the cafeteria.我需要喝杯咖啡
I need some coffee.媒體請求你表態
Press is asking for a statement.我什么也不想說
I'd really rather not.{\an8}緊急停止我得跟你談談  妮娜
I really need to talk to you, Nina.你姐姐的事我很遺憾
I'm sorry about what happened with your sister,但是她傷害了你  我只是想要保護你
but she hurt you, and I was just trying to protect you.你離她遠點
Yyou need to back off.你給老子閉嘴
You need to shut up!別激動
Just calm down.閉嘴
Shut up!里德
Reed!他媽的閉嘴
You shut up!你看到了吧
Don't you see?這些人對你沒好處
Those people are no good for you.他們不像我這么愛你
They don't love you like I do.我只是想跟你在一起
I just want to be with you.我以為你也愿意跟我在一起
I thought that's what you wanted, too.請你離開
Ok. Please leave.我是保羅  你是我的莉莉
I'm Paul. You're my Lily.我愛你
I love you.放開我
Aah! Get off me!救命啊
Help!我只是想跟她聊聊  解釋一下
I just wanted to talk to her to explain what happened.你是說解釋你為何要殺了她姐姐嗎
You mean about how you tried to kill her sister?不  我沒想殺她
Mmm. No. I didn't want to kill her.我只是想打傷她
I just...I wanted to hurt her,讓她長長記性  別再傷害妮娜
hurt her enough so that she would leave Nina alone.你一直在監視她們
You've been watching them.艾米麗對妮娜不好
Emily's so mean to Nina. It's...她很明顯是嫉妒妮娜  嫉妒她有才華
Obvious she resents her because she's so talented.妮娜不需要這樣的人在身邊
Nina doesn't need someone like that in her life.需要你嗎
She needs you?我可以保護她
I can protect her,可當我看到那條推特
but when I read that tweet,我知道她不明白
I knew she didn't understand.我必須得讓她明白
I had to make her understand.你受挫了
You were frustrated.你給她寫信  她從來不回
You wrote to her, and she never wrote back.不是  她一直都會給我寫信
No. She wrote to me all the time.我們會聊一切
We had long talks about everything,聊我們的未來  聊我們要怎么在一起
about our future, about how we would be together.你覺得你們倆很親密
So in your opinion you two were close?親密到不能再親密了
As close as two people could be.我不明白
I don't understand.我兒子從來都沒有過暴力行為
My son has never been violent.一定是有人挑釁他
Someone must have provoked him.道爾頓太太  我知道這難以接受
Mrs. Dalton, I know this is difficult to accept.羅比與眾不同
Robbie is different.他是個夢想家
He's a dreamer.如果忘了吃藥  就會喜怒無常
He gets a little moody if he forgets his medication,但他從沒有過這樣的反常行為
but he's never acted out like this.我們在小屋里發現了他的抗精神病藥
We found his antipsychotics hidden in the shed.我們認為他停藥一陣子了
We believe he stopped taking them a while ago.還是不一定的
Still, that doesn't necessarily...兩名受害者都確定指認了是羅比
Robbie was postively IDed by both victims.你的兒子患有妄想癥
Your son suffers from delusional disorder.不知何時起  他對妮娜·普勒斯頓念念不忘
At some point, he became fixated on Nina Preston,他在幻想中創造出和她的關系
and he created an elaborate fantasy relationship with her.他會怎么樣
What's gonna happen to him?他會被送去拘留所
He'll go to the detention center for processing,然后會被監禁在精神病房里
and then he'll be housed at the psychiatric ward接受評估和治療
for assessment and treatment.然后他們會放他走嗎
And then they'll let him go.一旦病情得到控制
Once his illness is under control,就會因罪行而被起訴
he will be charged for his crimes.他要進監獄
He's going to prison?最終是這樣的
Eventually, yes.我跟妮娜通完電話
I just got off the phone with Nina.得知我們抓到羅比  她松了口氣
She's relieved that we caught Robbie,她決定要聘請私人保安
and she's decided to hire private security moving forward.很高興聽到這樣
Glad to hear it.各位  羅比說的是實話
Guys, Robbie was telling the truth.我檢查了他的電腦  里面有
I went through his computer, and there's dozens許多他和妮娜·普勒斯頓互相往來的郵件
of emails between him and Nina Preston.不可能  妮娜告訴我她不會回應粉絲
That's not possible. Nina told me she doesn't respond to fans.那就是有人在裝妮娜
Then it's someone posing as Nina.你能追蹤信件發件人嗎
Can you track where they came from?IP地址顯示是公共圖書館  但聽聽這個
The IP address leads to public library, but listen to this."親愛的羅比  謝謝你的照片
"Dear Robbie, thank you for your photo.你很帥  有沒有想過要做電影明星"
"You're so handsome. Ever thought of becoming a movie star?"聽起來像是羅比會對自己說的話
Sounds like something Robbie would say about himself.也許就是他  他有妄想癥
Maybe he did. He is delusional.也許我們把自尊和自大搞混了
Maybe we're confusing hubris with pride."你是一個善良  獨特  特別的人
"You are one of a kind, unique, special.在我眼里  你是完美的
"In my eyes, you are perfect.不管別人怎么說
"No matter what anyone tells you,你都該擁有全世界最多的幸福"
you deserve all the happiness in the world."這感覺是父母對孩子說的話
That's something a parent says to a child.你覺得這是他媽媽假裝妮娜在給他回信
You think his mom wrote emails pretending to be Nina?我見過她  她很有控制欲
I met her. She was controlling.也就是說羅比是她的一切
Which means Robbie's her world.也許她會為了保護他不受傷
Maybe she'd do anything to protect him而不擇手段  甚至是回電子郵件
from being hurt, even writing emails.是哪個圖書館
What library did it come from?埃爾塞貢多  離羅比家只有一英里
El segundo. It's a mile from Robbie's house.媽媽看了他的電腦
Mom went through his computer,看到了給妮娜的電子郵件
saw the email to Nina,不想讓他失望
didn't want him to be disappointed,決定自己來扮演這個角色
decided to play the part herself.對她來說注冊一個假電子郵件假裝是妮娜
Wouldn't have been hard for her to set up a fake email不是什么難事
and pretend to be nina.可惜適得其反
Only it backfired.她助長了他的幻想
She fed his delusion.南希·道爾頓因使用致命武器襲擊他人而被捕過
Nancy Dalton's got a prior arrest for assault with a deadly weapon.根據警方報告
According to the police report,她持刀威脅過羅比的同學
she threatened one of Robbie's schoolmates with a knife.經辯護被釋放  參加心理咨詢獲得緩刑
She pled out and got counseling and probation.爭端起因是什么
What was the dispute?她說那個孩子欺負傷害她兒子
She said the kid was bullying and hurting her son,必須懲罰他
and he needed to be punished.妮娜·普勒斯頓在哪
Where is Nina Preston?今天有拍攝
She's shooting today.聯系她
Get ahold of her.好了  各位  收工
Ok, folks. That's a wrap.好  各位晚安
All right. Good night, everybody.晚安
Good night!蘭迪  我一會就出來
Randy, I'll be out in a minute.好
Very well.手機轉到了語音信箱
Her cell's going to voicemail.打給片場安保  讓他們提醒她的私人保安
Call studio security, have them alert her private detail.我正在和他們通話
I'm actually on the pone with them right now.他們說南希·道爾頓今天早些時候
They're saying Nancy Dalton signed up報名參觀片場
for studio tour earlier today.她可能還在那里
She could still be on the lot.什么事
Yeah?收到  我會留意
Roger that. I'll keep an eye out.需要幫忙嗎
May I help you?我是來取服裝的
I'm here for wardrobe.蘇西怎么了
What happened to Suzie?午餐后就生病回家了
Oh, she went home sick after lunch.我是南希  我來替她
I'm Nancy. I'm filling in.需要什么就拿吧  南希
Oh. Well, take whatever you need, Nancy.所有的衣服都掛在后面
All the dresses are hanging in the back.你非常漂亮
You're very pretty.謝謝
Thank you.沒有在劇里漂亮
Not as pretty as on the show但也不錯了
but pretty enough.我知道我兒子為什么喜歡你
I get why my boy fell for you.是我的錯  我不該寫那些信
It's my fault. I never should have written those letters.抱歉  什么信
Um, I'm sorry. What letters?我不知道  我不知道羅比為了
I didn't know. I didn't know the lengths和你在一起會做出怎樣的事情
Robbie would go to to be with you.你想要什么
What is it that you want?你傷害了我的小寶貝
You hurt my little boy.你死了對他會更好
He'll be better off with you gone.蘭迪
Randy?蘭迪
Randy?妮娜的小型房車在哪里
Where's Nina's trailer?最后一排  你們得繞過去
Last row. You got to go around.沒人
Empty.這邊
This way.他還活著
He's still alive.叫救護車  陪著他
Call an ambulance. Stay with him.他是我唯一的兒子  他很特別
He'she's my only son. He's special.我知道
I know.他需要特殊的幫助
He needs special help.他會得到的  你也是
He'll get it. So will you.走吧
Come on.準備下班嗎
Taking off?是的
Yeah.我和你一起走
I'll walk out with you.你和貝絲一起工作很久了
Hey. Uh, listen. You've worked with Beth for a long time.你了解她嗎
What do you know about her?你是沒法把她騙上床的
You're not gonna get her in bed,如果你想問的是這個
if that's what you're wondering.不  不是那個意思
No. I didn't mean that.她有什么故事
What's her backstory?老實說  我不知道
Honestly, I don't know.你不知道
You don't know?我得到這份工作時  上網查過她
I googled her when I got this job.你查過她
You googled her?我也查過你
I googled you.當我搜索貝絲·戴維斯
But when I did a search on Beth Davis,除了洛杉磯警局的資料外什么都沒有
there was nothing outside the LAPD.就跟她不存在似的嗎
Like what? She doesn't exist?她很注重隱私  極其神秘
She's a private woman, secretive,不使用任何社交媒體
doesn't use social media.你是個好警探
You're a good detective.想想吧
Think about it.她有過不好的經歷
Something bad happened to her.她就是經歷過
She's a walking textbook for重大創傷的典范
someone who's lived through a major trauma.你真的需要知道細節嗎
Do you really need to know the specifics?我想不用
Guess not.好  你確定不是他發的
Ok. You're certain he didn't send it?好的  謝謝你
Ok. Thank you for checking.{\an8}貝絲·戴維斯  西雅圖你覺得是雷寄的
You think Ray sent it?這就是他會做的事情
It's exactly the kind of thing he would do.但醫院說不是他
But the hospital said it wasn't him.要是他找到我了怎么辦
What if he found me?要是...
What if...你記得你抓住鮑勃時
Do you remember what you told me對我說了什么嗎
when you put Bob away?你說他不會再傷害我  除非我讓他這么做
You said he can't hurt me again unless I let him.我知道
I know.我感覺我快瘋了
I feel like I'm losing my mind.今天的案子
This case I was on讓我想到了我姐姐
got me thinking about my sister也想起我已經有很久
and how I haven't thought about her都沒有想過她
or what happened以及當初的事情
in a really long time...我喜歡我沒有想這些事的感覺
And I liked that I hadn't thought about it.不知為何是一種解脫
It was a relief somehow.我這樣是不是太不好了
Does that make me a terrible person?你這樣很正常
It makes you human.抱歉
Oh. Sorry.我們可以下次再聊
We can finish this another time.別走  我會重新安排時間  布洛迪會理解的
Stay. I'll reschedule. Brody will understand.你好
Hello?你穿著什么
Hey. What are you wearing?我想肯定是很性感的黑衣服
Picturing something black and sexy.你出門了嗎
Tell me you haven't left yet.我剛出門
I just walked out the door.你不來了
You're not coming.我得陪朋友  貝絲今晚需要我
It's a friend thing. I...Beth needs me tonight.好  明白  她沒事吧
Yeah. Totally get it. Is she ok?沒事  我晚點再跟你解釋
Yeah. Yeah. I'll explain it later.我保證會補償你
I promise I'll make it up to you.我等著
I'll hold you do that.