袁小姐
Miss Yuan,有可疑
something is fishy.十二具屍體
12 bodies,十三組人類DNA
13 sets of DNA.有空姐失蹤
A flight attendant is missing.這件制服的背面，經過我們初步檢測
According to our initial testing,發現了ZPF的面料殘餘物
we found traces of ZPF on the uniform.這種面料很先進
It is an advanced fabric應該是美軍傘兵專用
used only by U.S. paratroopers.我們就是在這套衣服上
This is where we found發現失蹤人士的DNA
the missing DNA.這邊請
Please come this way.車呢？
Where's the car?看了
I have seen it.我覺得會有大事發生
I have a feeling something
big is coming down.還有我不知道的？
Anything else I should know about?所有相關數據，正常
The radiation data is normal.把所有資料轉發至韓國青瓦台
Send everything to the Blue House in Korea.還有…
Also...立刻到機場
meet me at the airport right away.小張，我要出國
Xiao Zhang, I'm going abroad.現在這裡有九個人，我會數到九
There are 9 of you. I'm counting to 9.數完後，若沒有人開隔離門
If nobody opens the door
to the isloation room,我把你們都殺了
I'll kill all of you.一
1二
2你們來錯了地方
You came to the wrong place.你們想要的東西不在我們這裡
The cubes infused are not
in the isolation room.不要跟我來這套
Don't give me that.現在剩下七個人
Now there are 7 of you left.我只會數到七
I'll count to 7.一
1二
2不要殺我，我知道在哪
Don't kill me. I know where they are.遲了三十分鐘
We're 30 minutes late.朴主事
Lieutenant Park,再等下去我們就會來不及
we can't wait any longer.多給他五分鐘吧
Give him 5 more minutes.時間到了，可以開始宴會？
It's time. Shall we start?可以開始了
Go ahead.爸爸去了哪兒？
Where is Papa?幫我抱住他
Hold him for me.老公
Min Ho,要開始了，快進去
we're about to start.走吧，走吧
Let's go.祝你生日快樂…
Happy birthday to you...親愛的明健
Happy birthday to Myeong Gun.祝你生日快樂
Happy birthday to you.現在可以吹蠟燭…
Please blow the candle...組長
Sir.不是說好明早嗎？
Didn't we say tomorrow morning?不好意思，崔太太
I'm sorry, Mrs. Choi.時間比我們想像中吃緊
Time is tighter than expected.人家宴會沒有請你，你就不請自來
You are crashing a banquet
you're not invited to.究竟你懂不懂禮貌的？
Where are your manners?老婆
Honey.不好意思
I'm sorry.在外面等我
Please wait outside.知道
Yes, Sir.老婆
Honey.和你結婚前
Before we got married,已經知道了你為國家付出的一切
I knew what you have done for the country.本想明天才給你
I meant to give this to you tomorrow.記得買回來
Make sure you bring this back.不要擔心我們
Don't worry about us.明健，就拜託你了
Take care of Myeong Gun.教授
Professor,警方現在需要你
the Police need your help.李先生
Mr. Lee,我們的演習還沒完
we're not yet done with the drill.你們為甚麼要演習？
What's the drill for?為甚麼找我？
Why me?老實說，李先生
I'll level with you, Mr. Lee.我不太喜歡跟你們政府部門合作
I don't like working with your department.你們所有事都是機密
Everything is confidential.我甚麼也不知道，怎樣跟你們合作？
How can I work with you
when I don't know anything?對嗎？
Right?韓國國情院
The NIS懷疑他們的頭號通緝犯
suspect their most wanted criminal,一個綽號「赤道」的男人
a man called Helios,夥同他的助手信差
and his assistant The Messenger分別在兩韓成功偷取了原料球和手提裝置
have stolen cubes and a mobile device.英國MI6截獲可靠情報
According to the intel intercepted by MI6,那件武器將會在香港交接
the device will change hands in Hong Kong.韓國專家正趕來香港
The specialists from Korea
are on their way here.目前為止，我知道的，你也知道
Now you know what
I know and it'll stay that way.這些全都是機密
This is all confidential.找你做事，你當然有知情權
You have a right to know
since we recruited you.你是物理科教授
You're only a physics professor,又不是史諾登
not Snowden.那邊等我吧
Wait for me over there.不好意思
Sorry.崔理事
Colonel Choi,感謝你這次也肯幫忙
thank you for your help.這是我的榮耀
It's my honor.我們還要等一個人
We're still waiting for someone.到了
Here...崔理事
Colonel Choi,這次辛苦了
thank you for your help.聽說你兒子今天舉行週歲筵席
I heard today was your son's birthday.我已經派人送了賀禮到你家
I sent a gift over to your house.你太客氣了
You're very kind.我翻查過你的紀錄
I've checked up on you.說真的
Honestly,我要為我父親向你們崔家道歉
I must apologize to your family
on behalf of my father.國家欠你們太多了
This country is heavily in your debt.你這樣說，我不知怎回話才好
I don't know what to say.宇哲是我們國情院最優秀的特工
Woo Cheol is one of our finest agents.他會保護你一切周全
He will protect you.大家通力合作，平安歸來
Work with each other and come home safely.我將這個國家
I'm entrusting the safety of this country還有東北亞的安全交託給你們
and the entire northeast
Asia in your hands.我們一定會盡力
We'll do our best.李長官
Mr. Lee.手機及私人物品請放這裡
Please put your mobile phone
and personal belongings here.謝謝
Thank you.這邊請
Over there.這位是總督察王建中
This is CIP Wong Kin Chung.除了我之外
In addition to me,他會全權協調危機小組的運作
he will also liaise with the running of
the task force.在座各位
All of you,這幫地下買家很狡猾
these buyers are sneaky.我們已經鎖定兩個地點
We have zeroed in on two locations.刑事情報科已經開始工作
CIB is already at work.出發之前
But before we head out,先聽一下醫管局的評估
I'd like to hear the assessment of
the Hospital Authority.王長官
Mr. Wong,依照你們的初步風險評估
according to your initial risk assessment,我們的醫療系統未必承受得起
it's an overload on our health care system,不過盡力吧
but we'll do our best.我們的海關文件，準備得也差不多了
The paperwork from Customs is almost ready.我們康民署的五十個游泳池
50 swimming pools under LCSD也準備就緒了
are ready.消防署的防生化裝備和人手都不夠
The Fire Department doesn't have enough
manpower and equipment.萬一有事，要看警務處派多少人給我們
We'll work with whatever
the Force can give us.還是那句話
All I can say is...盡力吧
we'll do our best.這麼惡劣？
Is it that bad?你找我的時候已經看見了
You knew when you came to me.只有更惡劣
It'll only get worse.你有甚麼意見？
Anymore input?大家好
Hello,我是這次危機管理小組的顧問
I'm the consultant on this task force.肇志仁教授
I'm Professor Siu Chi Yan.照文件來看
Judging from these pictures,大家以相當於大亞灣事故的思維
you're treating this like Daya Bay.來對待這件事是相當正確的
Good thinking.DC8 是韓方單方研發的手提武器
DC8 is a portable weapon developed by
the Koreans unilaterally.它的威力有多大，沒人知道
We have no clue how powerful it is.我個人認為
I personally think,這件武器相當危險
it's an extremely deadly device.既然我們香港的警方朋友
If our friends from the Hong Kong Police那麼有把握截擊這宗買賣
are confident they can stop this deal,我提些建議給大家
let me give you some friendly advice.截擊過程中
During the interception,千萬別讓子彈碰到它
do not shoot the weapon.會發生甚麼事，沒人知道
Nobody knows what will happen.至少，會影響了它的穩定性
It'll impact its stability
to say the least.一旦截擊成功
Once you intercept it,要立即把它送走
ship it out at once.基於香港市民的安全為準則
For the sake of the safety
of Hong Kong citizens,DC8 是絕對不能留在香港
DC8 must go.炸了，就不用談了
Forget detonation.即使是洩漏
Even a simple leak以香港現在的訓練和裝備
given the current setup and training,是絕對沒有辦法應付的
Hong Kong simply cannot handle it.一旦發生事故
If shit happens問責起來
and someone is held accountable,我相信不是在座的各位
it'll entail more than you saying說句已經盡力
we'll do our best然後調到另一個部門那麼簡單
and a job transfer.根據國際公約
Start Beep 2崔理事你不能同時擁有啟動武器的密碼
According to the International Covenant, you can't
have access to both sets of activation codes.宇哲你保管一組
Woo Cheol, you'll keep one set.另外一組
I sent the other set我已經傳送到國情院一位駐港情報官
to our agent stationed
in Hong Kong.她是香港通，到埗後，會主動聯絡你
She knows her way around and will
contact you upon your arrival.明白了
Yes, Sir.好高興可以見到你
Nice to meet you.香港派來的
He's with the Hong Kong Police.歡迎來到香港
Welcome to Hong Kong.說話小心點
Watch what you say.反恐特勤隊督察，范家明
Fan Ka Ming, CTRU.范先生，大韓民國國家情報院崔民浩
Mr. Fan, I'm Choi Min Ho from NIS.這位是情報主事朴宇哲
This is agent Park Woo Cheol.歡迎，這邊請
You are welcome. Please come this way.根據英國及美國的情報
According the U.S. and U.K. intel,以及香港警方的調查
and our own investigation,我們相信這些買家
we believe the deal會在三個小時後進行交易
will take place in 3 hours.不好意思
Excuse me.喂
Hello?李將軍叫我要配合你們
General Lee told me to contact you.先聽我說，我剛收到可靠情報
Listen, I just got a reliable tip:買家臨時改了交收地點
the buyers changed the venue是尖沙咀一帶的停車場
to a parking lot in Tsim Sha Tsui.知道了
Okay,感謝
thank you.喂
Hello?范長官，剛剛收到最新情報
Mr. Fan, I just found out00:20:30,104 > 00:20:33,199
他們轉了交易地點，在佐敦德興街
the venue was changed to
Tak Hing Street in Jordan.李長官，我們十分鐘後準備好
Mr. Lee, we'll be ready in 10 minutes.范長官，這位是…
Mr. Fan, this is...你就是崔民浩？
You're Choi Min Ho?相片看上去年青一點
You look younger in the picture.你就是剛剛跟我通話那位？
Did you just call me?李將軍直接給我電話
General Lee called me要我先放下雜誌社的所有工作去配合你們
and wanted me to drop
everything at the magazine.我是外交部情報管理室副官申美京
I'm Agent Sin Mi Kyung of the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs.不好意思，你今年多大？
I'm sorry, but how old are you?我敬重你的名聲，所以沒有搜你身
It's because of your reputation
that you haven't been frisked.謝謝
Thank you.但你從來沒有提過她
But I don't know who the fuck she is.你有你的保鑣，我也有我的
You have your bodyguards, I have mine.我不相信你的
I don't trust your bodyguard.我不喜歡陌生人
I don't like strangers.我的名聲不能令你心安嗎？
Not even my reputation?你不介意吧？
Do you mind?停
Stop.我要先看貨
Not until I see what's in the box.沒有錢，沒有貨
No money, no box.這是誰的規矩？
Whose fucking rules are you playing by?老子我的規矩
My fucking rules.有誰可以打開皮包，可得交易一成酬金
10% to anyone who opens the box.我賣東西，向來只有一個條件
My business, only one rule counts.價高者得
The highest bidder wins.有人比你出價更高
I already have someone
offering more than you.若不顧江湖道義，我們也就不會來的
If it wasn't for your reputation,
I would not be here.或者，看上來，情報可能有誤
Or perhaps I was misinformed.騎兵就緒
Trooper Ready.遊俠就緒
Ranger Ready.獨角獸就緒
Unicorn Ready.行動
Action.保護老大
Take the Boss.去看看發生甚麼事
Go and check that out.拿武器
Get the guns.退下，退下
Back out. Back out.趴下，對方有突擊步槍…
Officer down. They outgun us.火力強大，要求增援…
We need backup.Frankie范長官，請容許宇哲參與行動
Mr. Fan, please allow Woo Cheol
to join in the action.你們只是觀察員身份，在香港沒有執法權
As observers,
you have no jurisdiction here.這事重要嗎？萬一出事怎麼辦？
Does that matter?
What if something goes wrong?譚，盯緊他們
Tam, keep an eye on them!是，長官！你們不要再往前了
Yes, Sir! Please stay back.停，停
Stop.上
Go.我們有四個人中槍受傷，火力好強大
Four officers down.帶他們出去
Get them out.Frankie，掩護我
Frankie, cover me.別動
Freeze.警察來了
The cops are here.放下武器
Lower your weapon.撤退，撤
Withdraw.九點地下掩護我
Hit the ground! 9 o'clock, cover me.走呀
Run.手榴彈
Grenade.去你的
Fuck you.別動
Freeze.走呀
Run.小心
Watch out.崔理事
Colonel Choi,武器墜地，皮包中了一槍
the weapon was hit. It fell on the ground.是
Yes,擊中了
it was hit.開始吧
Let's do it.眼鏡已經連結國情院管理官辦公室
Eyes are connected to the NIS office.隨時可以開始
We can start.十一月六日，香港時間清晨六時十分
November 6, Hong Kong 06:10.國情院崔民浩，開始確認武器程序
Choi Min Ho of NIS to
authenticate the weapon.懷疑手提武器
Weapon in question被放置在一個深啡色真皮手提包內
is placed inside a brown leather bag.我們要將皮包跟武器分離
We must separate the weapon from the bag才可確認武器真偽
in order to authenticate the weapon.沒見到這武器之前
Before you saw the weapon,你一直不肯評估它的威力
you refused to assess its power.萬一這件武器出了事，簡單來說
If anything goes wrong with the weapon,你看到的一切，就全都會消失
everything you see now will all disappear.此裝置外觀
Judging from the appearance,跟DC8原型九成相似
the device is a 90% lookalike
of the DC8 prototype.但看上去，疑似武器並沒有正式啟動
It appears the device
has not been activated.為著安全考量
To play it safe,我提議跟疑似武器作確認連線
I suggest we authenticate it online.我同意
I agree.等等
Wait.除了正式連線
Except for online,還有其他方法去確認武器真偽嗎？
there's no other way to authenticate it?崔先生，你們國情院和我們的通報
Mr. Choi, the notification from NIS沒說過確認程序等於啟動武器裝置
never mentioned authentication meant
activation of the weapon.李長官
Mr. Lee,若然我面前的是偽造品
if this device is a fake,連線不會造成傷害
going online will do no harm.相反，若果面前是我們丟失了的手提武器
If this is indeed our missing device,我可以透過啟動程序
I can use the activation procedure將武器設置為關閉模式
to reset it to shutdown mode.無論如何，總比我們甚麼都不幹更安全
It's definitely safer than doing nothing.崔先生，我同意韓方確認武器
Mr. Choi, I agree you should proceed
with authentication.警方護送武器的車隊已經準備好
The Police escort motorcade
is ready to leave程序一完，立即離開
once authentication is complete.確認手提武器DC8
Confirming mobile device DC8.我們進入啟動武器程序
We begin authentication procedure.電腦確認，面前的裝置
The computer confirms this device為十六小時前我國軍方丟失的DC8原型
is the DC8 prototype that was missing
16 hours ago.正啟動選擇模式
Activate selection mode.我已經選擇了終止爆炸模式
We have chosen "termination" mode.我們已經跟DC8作了第一次確認連線
First online authentication
of DC8 complete.內置CPU已跟平版電腦連結
Built in CPU is linked up to tablet PC.終止爆炸指令完成
Terminate detonation complete.辛苦了
Good work.想不到我們國家，會用這個方式走在一起
Didn't expect our countries to team up
in this regard.是的
Indeed.危機小組準備
Task force is ready進入護送武器程序
to move the weapon.崔先生，順利嗎？
How did it go, Mr. Choi?全靠你已順利確定是我們丟失的手提裝置
We have confirmed this
is our missing device.車隊已經準備好
The motorcade is ready.謝謝
Thank you.對不起，武器不能走
Sorry, the weapon stays here.宋總是嗎？
Mr. Song?你這樣我很難做
You're making my life difficult!難嗎？
Really?難的
Definitely.那些韓國佬已經確認那東西了
The Koreans authenticated that thing.為甚麼不讓人家帶走？
Why won't you let them take it away?這不是失物招領的問題
This is not Lost & Found.是國家安全的問題
It's a matter of national security.我需要你們的配合
I need you to work with me.你現在叫我把武器留在香港
If you keep the weapon in Hong Kong,我怎樣配合你？
how can I work with you on that?李先生
Mr. Lee,有些事情
there are certain things,因為你的級別
because of your rank,我沒有辦法跟你分享更多東西
I'm unable to share with you.因為甚麼？
Why?我已經說過，這是國家安全的範疇
Like I said,
it's a matter of national security.咱們跟美國一直有很多東西不好談
China and the U.S. don't see
eye to eye on many issues.這是你都知道的，我相信
I'm sure you know that. I believe...這件事之後，會有改變的
the situation will change after this.韓方專家已確認了武器
The Koreans confirmed the weapon鎖定了安全模式，對吧？
and reset it to safety mode, right?希望你幫我好好看著
Just help me keep an eye on it.我不希望再出任何亂子
I don't want any screw up.這裡離情報中心三百米，距離地面五百米
This is 300m from the intel center
and 500m underground.是全香港最安全放置貴國武器的地方
It's the safest place for your weapon.暫時，我們只能夠用無線電通話
For now, we can only use wireless radio
to communicate.這是甚麼廢話？
This is outrageous.為何我們不能直接將武器運走？
Why can't we ship the weapon home?這不是等同軟禁我們嗎？
We're under house arrest?我們保安局不久前
The Security Bureau已經和貴國國情院管理官溝通了
has spoken to the Director of NIS earlier.你不要歪曲事實
That's bullshit.我國國情院從來沒有答應你們
NIS never agreed to let you可以扣繳武器
detain the weapon.領事先生，我們只是依法行事
We're going by the law, Mr. Consul.依法，你依甚麼法行事？
What law is that?中央人民政府負責管理
The Central People's Government
shall be responsible for香港特區有關外交事務
the foreign affairs relating to the HKSAR.香港基本法第十三條
Article 13 of the Hong Kong Basic Law.這是國際事件，就應該以國際法行事
The International Law should be
applied in an international incident.領事先生，請你不要激動
Please calm down, Mr. Consul.我們也都是為了大局著想啊
We're looking at the big picture.立即運走當然沒錯
Shipping it out is the right thing to do.但是依照基本法辦事，我們都沒錯
But going by the Basic
Law is not wrong either.這是他的主意嗎？
Is that his idea?對不起，各位
Pardon me.我來說兩句
Can I just say something?別忘了你是香港人
Don't forget you're from Hong Kong.作為一個物理學顧問
As a physics consultant,從技術上來說，我們現在扣留著一件
technically,
we're detaining a mobile weapon只是單方面由韓方確認安全的手提武器
that the Koreans have
unilaterally declared safe.大家知道有多危險嗎？
Do you know how dangerous that is?明知道是一件大殺傷力的武器
We know it's a weapon of mass destruction.還要千方百計留在身邊？
Why do you want to keep it?這完全不合理
It doesn't make sense.除非是政治原因
Except for political reasons我想不出甚麼理由
I see no other reason for it.大家會做出這麼愚蠢的選擇
Will you do something so stupid?我不是第一次跟公務員合作
This is not the first time I worked
with civil servants,但這次我真是第一次見識
but this is the first time I get to see你們這幫所謂危機小組成員
how members of this socalled task force...在這位先生出現的前後
before and after this gentleman showed up,你們態度可以有180度轉變
your attitude did an aboutturn.教授
Professor.各位，可不可以稍停一下
Hold on.聽聽宋先生的意見？
Would you like to hear
what Mr. Song has to say?外交斡旋到了適當階段
After the proper diplomatic mediation,武器將會由香港警方護送安排出境
the weapon will be escorted out of
Hong Kong by the Hong Kong Police再由貴國跟我國外交部進行交收
and our Ministries of Foreign Affairs
will handle the handover.就這樣吧
This is it.就這樣？
Just like that?你到底站在哪一方？
Whose side are you on?現在不是表態的問題
It's not about taking sides.永遠都是表態的問題
It's always about taking sides.就看你是不是憑良心做事
It's whether or not you have a conscience.你別忘了
Don't forget...你也是香港人
you're from Hong Kong too.我只是奉命行事
I'm only following my orders.從來都沒人這麼頂撞過您
No one has used that tone with you before.還在鬱悶，是嗎？
Still pissed?沒有
No.李先生跟我說
Mr. Lee told me在港所有危機小組成員
all members of the task force在這件事情還未告一段落之前
must stay at the intel center都必須留在情報中心
until this whole thing blows over.第一個離開的就是他，不負責任
But he was the first one to leave.
How irresponsible.又出來個甚麼教授
And that Professor...這是甚麼危機小組，不靠譜
You call this a task force?太不靠譜了
What a joke.要不要找這個教授談一談？
Shall we have a little pep talk?先生，請問有甚麼可以幫你的？
Can I help you, sir?姓李的，約了Martin Koo
Eric Lee to see Martin Koo.突然這麼急找我，甚麼事？
What's so urgent?昨天晚上尖沙咀發生的事
You must have heard about你別說你不知道啊
Tsim Sha Tsui last night.昨晚有那麼嚴重嗎？
How bad was it?查到一件大殺傷力武器
We intercepted a weapon
of mass destruction.現在在倉庫
It's in a vault.赤道？
Helios?你知道多少就說多少
Tell me all you know.所有人出去
Everybody out.美國幾十年來做莊家
For the past decades, the U.S.
has always objected to反對其他國家發展武器
any weapon development by other countries,美其名曰維持國際秩序
all in the good name of
maintaining international order,實際只是從他們根本利益出發
when in fact, it boils down to protecting
their own vested interests.你不給，有人想要
You won't give it, but people want it.有買就有賣
It's all a matter of supply and demand.時局不需要你分析
Spare me the political analysis.有沒有辦法能接觸到他們？
Can you make contact?現在武器都在你們那兒
You already have the weapon,為甚麼還要找他？
why do you need to contact him?英美情報都在盯著我們
The U.K. and the U.S. are
pointing fingers at us,反而香港就靜得很不尋常
but Hong Kong is unusually quiet.沒有消息就是好消息
No news is good news.每個人都不出聲，一定有問題
There's something wrong
when everybody shuts up.全世界有多少人盯著赤道，你知道嗎？
You have any idea how many
eyeballs are on Helios?有甚麼消息，我幫你留意
I'll keep my eyes and ears open for you.脫鞋
Take off your shoes.不好意思喔
I'm sorry.不用了
Forget it.怎麼能不用啊，得用
Of course not.一直沒正式介紹過
We haven't been properly introduced.宋鞍
Song An.宋朝的宋，馬鞍的鞍
Song as in the dynasty, An as in saddle.這是我的助手袁曉文
This is my assistant Yuan Xiaowen.教授，普通話你聽得懂嗎？
You understand Putonghua?謝謝
Thank you.好茶，沁人心脾
Nice tea. It hits the spot.來之前就知道教授忙
I know you're a busy man,沒想到這麼忙
but I didn't know you're that busy.但是再忙，也請教授看緊DC8
But still, please keep an eye on DC8.它的安全，對我們以後的行動，相當重要
Its safety is very crucial to what
we're about to do.李彥明答應過我可以自由進出情報中心
Eric Lee promised me I could freely come
and go at the intel center.至於DC8需要多久檢測一次
As for how often I check DC8,我不用你教
I don't need you to tell me.當然，那還用說嗎？
Of course.香港雖然一直是遠東情報中心
Hong Kong is the intel
center in the Far East,但從未受過任何襲擊，對吧？
but it has never been under attack, right?我不希望看到香港出事
I want to keep it that way.教授你也這樣想吧？
I'm sure you do too.我選擇以外交途徑解決這件事
I chose to settle the matter
via diplomatic channels.一，是要韓國方面檢討
First, I want Korea to review the situation為甚麼他們的保安系統如此脆弱
and find out why their security system
is so fragile.二，就是要這些買家知難而退
Second, I want the buyers to realize
the odds and back off.你說呢？
What do you think?地下武器買賣只是走私的一種
Arms dealing in the black market
is only a form of smuggling.絕對稱不上是恐怖主義
It hardly qualifies as terrorism.但是，我們要防範未然
But we must take precautions.萬一他們要在香港做壞事
If these people choose to do
their business in Hong Kong,我要告訴他們，這是哪兒？
I want to send them a message.
Where are we?香港
Hong Kong,中國的地方
it's part of China.跟香港作對，就是跟中國作對
To oppose Hong Kong is to oppose China.教授，你明白嗎？
Do you understand?我想，你剛才進來的時候
When you came in,應該看到我門口貼滿了標語吧
you must have seen the placards outside.我跟我的學生講
Like I always tell my students,他們必須維護一個很重要的價值觀
we must defend one core value:就是尊重每個人的言論自由
to respect people's freedom of speech.宋先生，喝茶
Have some tea, Mr. Song.君子和而不同
A gentleman can agree to disagree.我不認為只有你的方法
I don't think your way香港才會安全
is the only way to keep Hong Kong safe.看來教授非常懷疑
You must have your doubts, Professor.你看是不是這個意思
Tell me how this sounds to you...單一地區的安全
The safety of a region與國家整體利益之間的關係
in terms of the overall interests of
the whole country拿捏不準，就會車毀人亡
will crash and kill if you fail to manage
it properly.我的工作，就是要保護你們的車子
My job is to ensure the safety of your car也就是保護香港人的安全
as well as the citizens of Hong Kong.你看是不是這個意思
How does that sound to you?宋先生
Mr. Song,我恐怕你現在的處事方式
I'm afraid your methods還不能跟外面的世界接軌
are not quite in sync with
international convention.是嗎？
Really?這麼看來
It appears to me李先生果然沒有找錯人
Mr. Lee found the right man.讀書人真麻煩
Scholars can be such a pain.你有為你所做的感到歉疚嗎？
Are you sorry for what you've done?我要是潛逃，就不會應約了
I wouldn't have come if I wanted to escape.本來我們已經完成交易
The deal should have happened already.你要的武器現在非常安全
The weapon is in a very safe place.對，在那些他媽的警察手上
Yeah, in the hands of the fucking Police.我的親弟因為你死了
My brother died because of you.老大，我們都知道這一行的風險的
Mr. Big, we all know the risk in
this line of business.我們分別偷走了原料球跟內爆裝置
We stole the device and
cubes from two Koreas.確保武器是可以操作是我的責任
It's my responsibility to make sure your
weapon is fully operational.這一點沒有變過
It hasn't changed.DC8是世上最小的武器
DC8 is the smallest weapon ever built.打破了物理學上的限制
It's an unprecedented
breakthrough in physics.沒有經過啟動
Without proper activation,你們得到的只是一件垃圾
DC8 is no more valuable than dog shit.乾脆抓一個科技人員不就可以嗎？
Then let's kidnap another fucking scientist,
activate the bomb now.在韓國，只有不出五個
There are only five
scientists in all of Korea知道如何啟動密碼
who have the expertise
to activate this device.要啟動武器，這是唯一的方法
So it needs to be done delicately.為甚麼事先不跟我們商量？
Why the fuck didn't you
tell me this beforehand?最厲害的部署，就是連當局者都全不知情
The less everyone knew the better,直到那個宋先生令事情變得有點複雜
which was fine until the bastard Chinese
governor Song screwed everything up.赤道出道至今，從沒失手
Helios has never been caught before that.我不希望有變
I don't want that to change now.大家都是為「殿下」做事，不是麼？
We're all working for
the Majesty, isn't it?我們幫你得到你想要的
We help your organization
get what you want:「神」的力量
the power to play God.不要讓我的兄弟白白犧牲
Don't let my brother's death be in vain.我們有多長時間？
How much time do we have?三十分鐘
30 minutes.先生幾位？
How many in your party?Sophia瘦這麼多？吃飯了沒？
You're so thin. Have you eaten?當然沒有
Of course not.來
Come.最近還好嗎？
How are you?挺好
Good.你呢？
And you?來，給
Here...這麼多乾兒子
Of all the godsons,就你記得幫老媽買胃藥
only you would buy me pills for my stomach.又不收我錢呀？
Still don't want money for it?每次都跟你收錢
I got paid already.來
Here...想吃甚麼？
What would you like?豬手，鐵板那款
Pig knuckles. On a hot plate.你們的動向我一向都知道
I've been keeping tabs on you.所以我跟手足們講
That's why I tell the boys...沒甚麼事這星期不要去香港
Don't go to Hong Kong this week.戒掉了
I quit.我還有些東西放在你那兒吧？
You still have my stuff?臭小子
Shit.開戰呀？
You're going to war?你們餓了嗎？
Are you guys hungry?你兩位朋友似乎有點看不起我們
I think your companions don't like
to mingle with people like us.不是
Not at all.他們只是害羞而已
Please don't take any offense.不要以為中年男人很可怕
They're both afraid of large crowds.其實他們很可憐的
Call it middleaged shyness if you like.武器安全嗎？還穩定嗎？
Is the weapon safe? Is it still stable?我聽說它昨天晚上有重大損毀
I heard it had sustained
considerable damage last night.你消息真靈通
I'm impressed by your intel.我是買賣情報的，當然最靈通！
Intel is my trade. You know I'm the best.他們正在出高價
They're paying a lot of money要找出殺死中東買家的那個警察
for the cop who killed the brother.如果我們能找到那個殺死買家的警察
If I can get information on who the cop is,你就會提供赤道的消息給我嗎？
can you tell me more about Helios?讓我給你們一個忠告
Allow me and my business to offer you
and your boys a little friendly advice.不要將香港變成戰場
Do not turn Hong Kong into a battlefield.我不理你們用甚麼辦法
I don't care how you do it.一定要將武器盡快送走
Get this bomb out of my
city as soon as possible.清楚嗎？
You got it?您看一下這個
Please take a look at this.甚麼呀？
What is it?您讓我找的關於赤道的所有資料
You wanted me to dig up
everything on Helios.他這個名號，是日本宮內廳給他起的
The Japanese Imperial Household Agency
gave him that name.十二年前，東京皇宮發生失竊事件
12 years ago, someone broke into
the Imperial Palace in Tokyo有人成功偷走天皇三神器中的一塊古玉
and stole one of the three
Imperial Regalia of Japan,這塊玉其實是一枚赤色瑪瑙
the jewel Yasakani no Magatama.離開日本後，他開始涉足地下武器市場
He became an international arms dealer
after he left Japan.美國懷疑他在這十多年中
The U.S. suspects he has,
over the past decade,在亞洲策劃過至少三單大買賣
orchestrated at least 3 arms deals in Asia.每次都能成功逃脫
He managed to get away every time.可能香港是他其中一個基地
It's possible Hong Kong
is one of his bases.善守者，敵不知其所攻
With someone good at attack,
his enemy won't know what to defend.善攻者，敵不知其所守
With someone good at defense,
his enemy won't know what to attack.您的意思是…
You mean...通知北京的武器專家待命，隨時來港
Tell the weapon experts in Beijing to
stand by and be prepared to come at once.我們從中情局得到一些關於中東
We have some information
from the CIA regarding Middle East.對平民使用武器的資料
They have got some mass destructive weapon
they are using against civilians.這是全部資料
This is all the information we received.不好意思
Excuse me.好的
No problem.李長官，有一幫人正在澳門準備軍火
Eric, someone is rounding
up firearms in Macau目的地是香港
and shipping them to Hong Kong.不好意思，我學校有些事
Something came up at the university.我想要打給我秘書Angela，可以嗎？
Can I call my secretary Angela?快點
Hurry.幫他接線
Put it through.范先生，我們已到達地下室，收到嗎？
Mr. Fan, we're underground.
Can you hear me?好，請說
Go ahead.好的
Good.我們現在進行安全檢測程序
We'll start the safety check.范先生，我量到濃度1250毫希
Mr. Fan, I have a reading of 1250 mSv.我助手出事了
My assistant is down.馬上通知消防跟救護車
Call the Fire Department
and get an ambulance right away.聽到了嗎？
Do you copy?Tracy，通知救護車、消防車
Tracy, call the Fire Department
and get an ambulance right away.是
Yes, sir.通知崔理事他們了嗎？
Have you contacted Colonel Choi?都關機了
Their phones are off.已經上報總台，在找他們
Control is trying to locate them.我準備了一個石墨盒
Here's a graphite case最多可以維持三個小時
that can last 3 hours.我給你多預備一個
I have another one.你一找到他們
As soon as you find them,立即把東西送走
ship this thing out right away.這東西不能走
It's not going anywhere.這武器現在不斷洩漏
This weapon is leaking.你不顧我們香港人的死活嗎？
Do you care about the lives
of Hong Kong people?我的工作就是為了香港人的安全
This is precisely what I'm doing.都給你說過了，忘了？
Have you forgotten what I told you?范先生，我現在甚麼都管不了
Mr. Fan, I don't care anymore.我甚麼都做不了
There's nothing I can do.北京武器專家快到了
The weapon specialists from Beijing
will be here soon.如果教授真不願幫我們
If the professor doesn't want to help us,我是說如果
and I mean "if",多給我們一點時間，我們可以接手
give us a bit more time
and we can take over.荒謬
Ridiculous.教授，教授　　閉嘴
 Professor.
 Shut up.知道　　不要說了
 I know.
 Enough.我沒辦法接受他
I can't accept him.我沒辦法跟他合作
I can't work with him.我知道
I know.太固執了
So stubborn!不好意思，休息時間，六時再來吧
Sorry, we're closed. Come back at 6.在算餐廳的賬，還是軍火的賬？
Are those the books for the restaurant
or from the arms deals?十幾年沒見了？
How long has it been?都快二十年了
Almost 20 years.當年你們兩口子餐廳開張
The day you opened this joint,都沒來賀一賀
I didn't have time to drop by.現在你是部門主管了
You head up a department now?我以為你收山了
And I thought you had retired.我只是會做飯，你知道
You know I always do the cooking.別兜圈子，直接點
Let's cut to the chase.你難得來，吃東西了嗎？
How nice of you to drop by. Have you eaten?我給你做點吃的
Let me fix you something.坐下
Sit down.前天晚上，我們碰到一宗地下武器交易
Two nights ago, we busted an arms deal.我想買賣雙方都很著急
Both parties should be rather antsy by now.我的線人告訴我
My informer tells me那幫賣家仍然心有不甘
the buyer is so pissed在澳門訂了一批軍火
he ordered firearms from Macau準備跟我們香港警方開戰
to go to war with the Hong Kong Police.在澳門弄到這麼一大批軍火的人
I can only think of you,我想來想去，也只有你了
who can fill such a huge order in Macau.赤道現在在哪？
Where is Helios?李長官
Mr. Lee,我真的不知道你在說甚麼
you lost me.我再簡單一點
I'll make it simple for you.自從我進來這間餐廳之後
After I stepped inside this restaurant,這裡的所有一切都不屬於你了
nothing in here belongs to you anymore.包括你的命
Including your life.我們辛辛苦苦幹活
You work hard不就是希望家人舒舒服服嗎？
to give your family the good life, right?你敢碰我的孫女，我保證你不得好死
If you touch my granddaughter,
I guarantee you'll die horribly.你安安靜靜的跟我走
If you come with me quietly,我保證你全家平平安安
I guarantee your family will be safe.他們會押Sophia回香港
They're taking Sophia to Hong Kong.她一上車，以後所有地下交易出事
Once she gets inside that car,都算她頭上
she'll be blamed for any deal
that goes sour from now on.她不會供我們出來的
She will never tell on us.這是規矩
It's the rule, what we believe不是我們信，人家就會信
is not what other people will believe.她肯跟李彥明走
When she decided to go with Eric Lee,就放棄了自己那條命
she was prepared to die.別動，別動
Don't move!李長官，冷靜點
Calm down, Mr. Lee.帶她回去
Take her away.申美京，剛剛從寺廟走出來後
Sin Mi Kyung, since we left the temple,你一直叫我們關電話
you wanted us to keep our phones off帶我們到處逛了半天
and took us around in circles.到底裡面發生甚麼事？
What's going on?我們那個DC8
Our DC8已經驚動了英、美、中國
has alerted the UK, US, China及中東半個地下情報世界
and half of Middle East.因為武器被扣，他說除了赤道
Because it's detained,
they say in addition to Helios,起碼有三幫人，會對香港進行恐怖襲擊
at least 3 other parties will launch
a terrorist attack on Hong Kong.只要交出昨晚殺死中東買家的警察
If we hand over the cop
who killed the Middle Eastern buyer,他會告訴我們赤道在哪
they'll tell us where to find Helios.那就簡單
That's simple enough.找范警官解釋清楚
Explain to Inspector Fan,用范警官來交換，有甚麼問題？
and tell him to do the trade.
What's the problem?你們說要出賣香港警察
Are you suggesting we betray
the Hong Kong Police?用范警官去交換一個未必肯定的情報？
Use Inspector Fan to exchange
for unconfirmed intel?范警官都是警察
Inspector Fan is a cop.的職責是隨時犧牲自己為國家捐軀
He should be prepared
to die for his country.我若在他的立場
If I were in his shoes,也會不惜一切考慮去做
I would have done the same at all costs.這不是一命換一命的問題
This is not about trading
one life for another.這是信用呀，信用
This is about trustworthiness.你這樣做跟那些壞人有分別嗎？
What you're doing is
no different from those criminals.只要犧牲一個人
Sacrificing one life就可以換到很多人的性命回來
can save many others.理事，你不是說過就算動武
Didn't you say we must get the weapon back?也要搶回武器嗎？
Even by force?我已經動員了很多人手
I have deployed my men.你為何突然變得猶豫不決？
Why are you so indecisive all of a sudden?我叫你準備
I only told you to get ready只是以防萬一
just in case.萬一？
Just in case?若然那個線人可靠的話
If the informer is reliable,那個赤道在我們面前擦身而過
we missed Helios by a few inches.我們對得住將軍們的託付
We would have你有臉見他們嗎？
let the generals down.怎樣？
How can you face them?等等
Hold on.我可以說句話嗎？
Can I say something?崔理事，你這個決定非常不成熟
Colonel Choi, your decision is immature.拜託你們開電話
Turn your phones back on.你們的武器出事了
There's something wrong with your weapon.現在所有人回情報中心
Everyone must report back
to the intel center.中方武器專家三十分鐘內到香港
Chinese weapon experts are coming to Hong Kong,
arriving in 30 minutes.待會我上傳一個文件給你
I'm sending you a file.看到突發新聞之後，你把文件發去CTRU
When you see the breaking news,
forward it to CTRU.當香港警方繳獲DC8後
When the Hong Kong Police intercepted DC8,我細心檢查過
we have examined it carefully.子彈並沒有傷及內部
The bullet did not damage the inside.經我們確認後，絕緣程式啟動
After authentication,
we activated the insulation mode.武器絕對不會洩漏
It's impossible to have a radiation leak.你的意思是…
You're saying...教授正在暗中幫助我們
The Professor is helping us.她的血液拿去化驗了
We sent her blood sample to the lab.八小時之後出結果
We'll know in 8 hours到時候就知道她是不是那個失蹤空姐了
if she's the missing flight attendant.喝口水
Drink some water.多大了？
How old are you?二十四？
24?二十六？
26?應該懂事了
You should be sensible.你可以選擇
You still have a choice.一
Either,你可以坐一輩子的牢
a life sentence,或者
or,幫我把你老闆找出來
help us find your boss.不要說做甚麼污點証人，甚麼減刑期
Forget about turning state witness
and a reduced sentence.你只要供出他，到時候，你想去哪裡
You squeal on him and you walk.我就送你去那裡
I'll send you wherever you want to go.李長官
Mr. Lee.你自己想清楚
Think it over.我們現在在跑馬地的現場
We're at the race track right now.據報馬場在二十分鐘之前發生炸彈爆炸
Allegedly, there was an
explosion 20 minutes ago.大概有二十幾人受傷
Over 20 people were injured.警方爆炸品管理組已經來到現場了解情況
The bomb squad has been
summoned to the scene.大家看到了，大批馬迷…
As you can see, many racing fans...剛剛看到我身後的看台位置
Somewhere on the stand behind me又發生了一次爆炸
Exploded.這只是開始
This is just the beginning.一個小時以後，把我的人，還有這件武器
Hand over the weapon and
the hostage in an hour獨自送到銅鑼灣
to Causeway Bay on your own,否則，將會有更大的傷亡
or else start preparing
for massive casualties.如果你們需要
If you wish,只要你們行政長官發出邀請
with an invitation from
your Chief Executive,我們駐港部隊可以調動
our PLA in the Hong Kong
Garrison can be deployed.你看不到現在有多失控嗎？
Do you realize you're out of control?我告訴你
Listen...在你還未意識事態發展之前
before you have a grasp on what's going on,咱們跟赤道的戰爭就已經開始了
we have already declared war on Helios.如果這次妥協
If you compromise,他便會將香港變成真真正正的
he'll turn Hong Kong into地下武器販賣中心
a hub for arms deal.行嗎？
You want that?其實我還有一個辦法
Hold on a second.
I actually got another solution.根據我在香港的一位可靠線人
According to my informer,他會告知我們赤道的下落
he can give me the whereabouts of Helios只要交出前天晚上殺死中東買家的
if we give him the officer那位警察
who shot the Middle Eastern buyer,即是范警官
who happens to be Inspector Fan.你的線人可靠嗎？
Is your informer clean?前晚就是這位線人
He was the one告知我們武器真正的交易地點
who told us the location of
the deal two nights ago.人是我殺的
I killed the guy.我不是真的要你們香港警方交人
I don't really mean to hand you over.只是說若我們去接觸他
But if we make contact,或許能找到赤道
maybe we can find Helios.你扛得起嗎？
Can you manage?扛得起
Sure.偉業　　是
 Wai Yip.
 Yes準備兩個小組，跟我去交人
Get 2 teams ready to go
with me for the handover.是
Yes, Sir.教授、崔先生
Professor, Mr. Choi,你們先去檢查一下DC8
please double check DC8.現在我們去哪裡？
Where are we going?我們要去澳門
We're going to Macau.多謝教授
Thank you, Professor.謝我甚麼？
For what?我是第二代科學家家族出生
I come from a family of scientists.這物件，我可以以我家族和
I'm willing to swear by my family哥哥的名義去擔保
and my brother's name是世上最安全的武器
this is the safest weapon ever built.我跟李彥明說了
I already told Eric Lee.等你們回來後，我們交代清楚，我就會走
I'll leave after debriefing
you upon your return.其實DC8早一天送走
The sooner DC8 leaves,香港就早一天安全
the sooner Hong Kong will be safe.你們做了自己應該做的事
Do what you have to do也算是幫了我們
and you'll be doing us a favor.雖然在石墨箱內
Even inside the graphite case,但絕對不可以再有猛烈碰撞
absolutely no more collision.要用最小心的方法處理
Handle it with your utmost care.朴組長
Lieutenant Park,我有事要處理，請你幫忙
I have something to do.
I need your help.是
Yes, Sir.崔先生
Mr. Choi.鎮定點
Stay calm.你要耍甚麼花招
Any monkey business from you,我第一個開槍打死你
and you're the first one I'll shoot.SaadSaad，我帶他們來了
Saad, I brought them here.Saad說
Say it.換地方
Change location.灣仔謝菲道，三湘大廈
Sunshine Plaza on Jaffe Road in Wanchai.大家聽著，換地方了
Listen up everyone, new location.灣仔，謝菲道，三湘大廈
Sunshine Plaza on Jaffe Road in Wanchai.超車吧，偉業
Go around it.快跟上
Stay close to her.封鎖大廈
Lock down the building.一見到她，不管程序開槍
The hell with procedure.
Shoot her on sight.是
Yes, Sir!方便說話嗎？
Can you talk?我還在澳門
I'm still in Macau.那個線人死了，有點麻煩
The informer is dead.
We have trouble.但不用擔心我
But don't worry about me.你們那邊甚麼情況？
How are things on your end?DC8已經在我們手上
We have DC8 now.肇教授說韓國領事館在金鐘的寫字樓內
Professor Siu said the Korean consulate was
in an office building in Admiralty.將武器送到那裡的方法很危險
Sending the weapon over
there is too dangerous.他給了我們一個碼頭地址
He gave us the address of a pier.我稍後短訊給你
I'll text you later.好的
Okay.那我聯絡權領事，叫他派人來支援
I'll call Consul Kwon for back up,我會立即趕回香港
and hurry back to Hong Kong.可能要遲一點到
But I'll be a bit late.還有一件事，很重要的
One more thing, it's very important.你把消息傳出情報界
I want you to spread the word.DC8已回到我們手上也已經離港了
DC8 is back in our hands and we have left.免得任何人再傷害香港
So no one will give Hong
Kong further trouble.明白，我會做
Will do.路線正確嗎？
Is this the right way?快到了
We're almost there.有點古怪
Something is not right.這個位置對嗎？
Is this the right location?導航顯示在這裡
Yes, according to the GPS.理事
Dodge.媽的
Shit!突然間殺出這麼多人
Who are these guys?我們分頭走
Let's split up.一起走
No, we stick together.做得到嗎？
Can you manage?去
Go.理事
Colonel.先忍住
Hang in there.理事
Colonel.理事
Colonel.這個…
This...沒希望了
...no hope.任務…
Mission...我們要完成…任務…
we must complete our mission.理事
Colonel.振作點
Hang in there.理事，振作點
Hang in there, Colonel.振作點
Buck up.宋總
Mr. Song,全看過了
we checked.沒有小袁
Xiao Yuan is missing.等一下
Wait!范，有內奸
Fan, we have a mole.幫我查一下，我們離開總部之後
Go check everyone's phone and email records所有人的出入、通訊和電郵紀錄
and their whereabouts after we left HQ.李長官
Mr. Lee,這兩天，危機小組內
over these two days,只有教授一個人打過電話
only Professor Siu had
made a call from here.Angela？我是肇教授
Hello, Angela?
This is Professor Siu.幫我做點事
Do something for me.幫我問問李Sir上次三年級的論文
Ask Mr. Lee about the theses現在在哪？
by Year 3 students.不好意思
Sorry.還有我桌子上那份卷子
Also, sort out請你幫我整理一下
the papers on my desk.我只想留5、6、15、16、17、18
I only want to keep nos.
5, 6, 15, 16, 17 and 18.其他全不要
Toss the rest.幫我問問李Sir上次三年級的論文
Ask Mr. Lee about the theses現在在哪？
by Year 3 students.還有我桌子上那份卷子
Also, sort out請你幫我整理一下
the papers on my desk.我只想留5、6、15、16、17、18
I only want to keep nos.
5, 6, 15, 16, 17 and 18.其他全不要
Toss the rest.幫我問問李Sir上次三年級的論文
Ask Mr. Lee about the theses現在在哪？
by Year 3 students.還有我桌子上那份卷子
Also, sort out請你幫我整理一下
the papers on my desk.我只想留5、6、15、16、17、18
I only want to keep nos.
5, 6, 15, 16, 17 and 18.其他全不要
Toss the rest.「李Sir現在在哪？」
"Where's Mr. Lee now?"教授，警方現在需要你
Professor, the Police need your help.你們甚麼事都是機密
Everything is confidential.我甚麼也不知道，怎樣跟你們合作？
How can I work with you
when I don't know anything?基於香港市民的安全為準則
For the sake of the safety
of Hong Kong citizens,DC8 是絕對不能留在香港
DC8 must go.韓方專家也確認了武器
The Koreans confirmed the weapon鎖定了安全模式，對吧？
and reset it to safety mode, right?請你幫我好好的看著武器
Just help me keep an eye on it.這些全都是機密
This is all confidential,在你還未意識事態發展之前
Before you have a grasp on what's going on,咱們跟赤道的戰爭就已經開始了
we have already declared war on Helios.如果你這次妥協
If you compromise,他便會將香港變成真真正正的
he'll turn Hong Kong into地下武器販賣中心
a hub for arms deal.行嗎？
You want that?教授、崔先生，你們先去檢查一下DC8
Professor, Mr. Choi,
please double check DC8.真的不用幫忙？
Do you need help?不用了
No.如果我猜錯，我電腦內有份文件
If I'm wrong, you can take the project
from my computer.如果我猜對，你坐我的位置
If I'm right, you can have my office.李長官，真的不用我們？
Mr. Lee, do you need help?找我？
Looking for me?十四年前我調到重案組
14 years ago when I was transferred to
the Crime Unit,我跟第一宗案子的時候上司跟我說
my boss told me on my first case that警察也是人
Police officers were only human是人就有可能犯罪
and they would make mistakes.那你上司挺看重你
He must have thought very highly of you.第一宗案子，就讓你抓自己人
He wanted you to bust one of
your own on your first case.可惜他找錯人了
But he picked the wrong guy.為甚麼？
Why?因為我習慣了懷疑每一個人
I have a habit of suspecting everyone.那你人緣太差了
You must be very unpopular.差死了
The worst.案子破了，我把上司也抓了
I cracked the case and busted my boss.因為他想把後果推給下屬
Because he tried to make
his subordinates take the rap.我從澳門回來
Since I came back from Macau,一直在想
I've been thinking...為甚麼？
why...為甚麼我每次的行動
why is it whatever we do,赤道都早我一步？
Helios is always one step ahead of us.赤道
Helios?美韓兩方找你這麼多年都找不到
The Americans and Koreans failed to
nail you all these years.我覺得很榮幸
I feel so honored.知道我是赤道，帶這麼幾個人來？
You knew I was Helios,
and yet you came alone.宋總還沒走
Song An is still around.就算我再有把握
No matter how certain I am,這個功勞也不能讓給他啊
I don't want him to crack this case.你的性格害死你
Your personality is your downfall.想做警務處處長？
You want to be the Commissioner?處長？
Him?中學畢業那年，他還在抄我功課呢
He was still copying my
homework in high school.別跟別人說啊
But don't tell anyone.為甚麼？
Why?沒有為甚麼
No reason.買賣而已
It's just a deal.整個過程
But...你做錯了一件事
you made one fatal mistake.你不該打女人
You shouldn't have hit a woman.向她道歉
You better apologize.明健呢？
Where's Myeong Gun?崔理事，真的感謝你
Thank you very much, Colonel Choi.我們對他…
We should...大家辛苦了
Good work.我最遺憾的事
I'm sorry.我最遺憾的事
I failed to protect Woo Cheol.崔理事
Colonel Choi,真的感謝你的努力，歡迎安全回來
thank you for your good work. Welcome home!國家情報院副理事官崔民浩
Colonel Choi Min Ho reporting to向將軍及國情院院長報告
the General and NIS Director.宋總，查到了
Mr. Song, here's our findings.這位肇志仁教授，不是越南華僑
Professor Siu Chi Yan is
not Vietnamese Chinese.根據國際刑警給我們的通報
According to INTERPOL intel,他的兩名信差跟一個綽號叫做
his 2 messengers and a black market buyer殿下的地下買家
called His Majesty最後出現在愛沙尼亞
were last seen in Estonia.我們懷疑
This is where we suspect他們就是在這裡交收DC8
they concluded the deal on DC8.還有，我們分析過李先生生前
We analyzed the data留給我們的資料
Mr. Lee left us,相信赤道下一個目標
we believe Helios' next target應該在京都
should be in Kyoto.二號月台向出町柳方向的電車馬上到達
The train for Demachiyanagi Station
is arriving on Platform 2.宋先生，我們準備好
Mr. Song, we're ready.意大利文都懂，真博學
You know Italian too? How erudite.脫了馬甲我就不認識你了
Almost didn't recognize
you without the vest.教授，難找呀
Professor, you're a hard man to track down.還是被你找到了
But you still found me.赤道果然名不虛傳
Helios deserves his reputation.你遠道而來，不是來誇我的吧？
You didn't come all this way
to give me a compliment.那個買家我已經找到了
We found the buyer.范先生也幫我找到你兩個手下
Mr. Fan also helped me
find your assistants.這麼久沒有聯繫了
They haven't contacted you for so long.你不會覺得他們出賣了你？
What if they betrayed you?我們有些東西你們沒有
We have something you don't.叫信任
It's called trust.你比我想像的厲害
You're harder to catch than I thought.我的信差在陶瓷廠偷了十六件原料球
My messengers stole 16 cubes
from the ceramic factory.二十分鐘之內如果我沒有報平安
If they don't call me within 20 minutes,其餘的原料球就會在香港引爆
the other cubes will be
detonated in Hong Kong.根本就沒有原料球
There were no cubes, right?在我接了這單生意之後
When I accepted the order,我一直在想
I've been thinking那一班載著手提武器的韓國軍機
where to crash應該在哪裡掉下來好？
that Korean plane carrying
the mobile device.善攻者，敵不知其所守
With someone good at attack,
his enemy won't know what to defend.善守者，敵不知其所攻
With someone good at defense,
his enemy won't know what to attack.小袁跟了你有沒有八年？
How long has Xiao Yuan worked for you?
8 years?這麼久沒有聯繫，你不會懷疑嗎？
You haven't made contact for so long.
Don't you suspect her?你不止兩個信差
You have more than 2 messengers.<i>"According to the assessment
by military specialists,"</i><i>"detonating such a highly
concentrated cube..."</i><i>"can wipe out a radius of 300 km."</i><i>"Detonating 8 of them..."</i><i>"will wipe out an area 4 times
the size of Hong Kong."</i><i>"The battle against Helios..."</i><i>"...has just begun."</i>