<i>Breathe in...</i><i>...and out.</i><i>Let the wave of calm</i>
<i>wash over you.</i><i>Feel your stress melt away.</i><i>Let go of things</i>
<i>beyond your control.</i><i>Focus on your breath...</i><i>...your heartbeat.</i><i>Stay present in this moment.</i><i>Let everything else</i>
<i>just disappear.</i>Hands to heart.Just wing it through.And warrior.Warrior two.Then reach into the back
of the room, that's right.Reaching, reaching
into the back of the room.Reach.Side.Strong over your front half.Bend.All right. Coming through.
You can jump up or walk up.And inhale.Your heart is alive.And exhale.Come back to center.Hands to heart.Feel your body vibrating.You're all one,......you're all here,......in your body
and in your power.Thank you for joining me
this morning.May it bring peace
to the rest of your day.And may the merit
of our practice......be dedicated to all beings
everywhere.I honor the light in you.<i>Namaste.</i>
<i>Namaste.</i>I honor the light within you.<i>Namaste.</i>
<i>Namaste.</i>That was amazing.
All right.Reel it in, teacher's pet.You're just mad because you can't
even get through the flow.Are you kidding?
I mastered a bunch of poses.Oh, child's pose doesn't count.So how was class?It was perfect, as always.I'm sure it was for you,
but I'm wondering about Charlie.Me? Well, killed it as always.All right, fine.It kinda killed me.That's right, that's why they
call it a practice, honey.Don't worry, we'll have your body
cleansed in no time.Thanks, mom.All right, sweaty. Shall we?We shall. Thank you.
Okay.You're welcome.
I'll see you soon.<i>Another breath in...</i><i>...and out.</i><i>Let go.</i><i>It takes no effort</i>
<i>to simply let go.</i>Maybe for you.Thank you.
You're home today.Okay, I'll see you next week.
See you.Yeah.Aunt Amanda.Hey.
Charlie.Good to see you.
How are you?Look at you.I can't believe you're here.Hey.
It's so good to see you.You, too.You, too, sis.Autumn crocuses.
Are those for me?Well, you're literally
the only person I know......who likes these.They're beautiful.Let me just wash up,
I've been teaching all morning.But please, come in.Take a look around.
Hey.Wow, she's really fixed up
the place.Yeah, you know mom,......everything
had to be perfect......for the grand reopening
this weekend.Wanted to give the place
a rebirth.Her words, not mine.
Yeah.Well, speaking of rebirth,
you're like a new man.Thank you.Last time I saw you, you...It's okay, I know.
You can say it.I relapsed.But I've got three years sober
next week.Good for you.
Thank you.Oh, I'm proud of you.
Thanks.It really ought to do
with my mom.Ever since I've been back,
she's been keeping an eye on me.Well, her and Maya.Maya?Maya is my mom's assistant
slash star pupil......slash spiritual successor.The yin to my mom's yang.Oh, and she's my girlfriend.It's her right there.Wow, she certainly seems limber.She's been taking
mom's classes for years.Even before
she started working here.It's actually how we met.She's so great. Come on.She's smart, she's funny.She helped my mom
renovate this entire place.Come on, I'll introduce you.Hey, Maya. Maya.Maya.Charlie, oh, my gosh.You almost gave me
a heart attack.I couldn't help it.It is my fault, really.I intend to encourage
his juvenile impulses.I'm Amanda. Lauren's sister.Oh, my gosh.
Why didn't you say so?Sorry. I'm just really excited.Lauren's told me
so much about you.Socialmedia consultant,
from New York, right?Well, I have only been
in New York......for a few years,
but that's me, yeah.Pretty much the polar opposite
of my treehugging sister.Oh, that's okay.
I won't hold it against you.I was just kidding. Bad joke.Your sister is kind of my hero.Maya's one
restraining order away......from being
a fullfledged stalker.Well, I'm so glad that you
could come out for the reopening.I know Lauren
was really hoping that you would.I wouldn't miss it.Good.
How long are you in town for?Not sure.
I just finished a campaign,......so I was thinking of
taking a little time off......before my next gig.You'd be amazed how easy it is
to sublet in Manhattan.But it looks like you guys
have been really busy.I mean,
I barely recognize the place.I know. Can you believe
this is even the same building?Your parents' health center
was an amazing foundation.And then Lauren's vision just
helped it become fully realized.I'm sure it's a lot to take in......after being away
for three years, but...What's wrong?Did I say something?
No. No, it's nothing.It's fine, really.Okay.Why don't we find mom?We'll give you
the, well, grand tour.Great idea.
All right.I didn't mean to upset her.No, don't worry about it.
It's just...It's a touchy subject is all.Okay.
It's all good.Okay.
All right?Ian?Amanda.It's wonderful to see you.Lauren's been talking about you
nonstop.Welcome to our new
and growing family business.Hey, kids.
Hey, pop.Have you seen mom?We're hoping to give Amanda
the tour.No, but I'll get
out of your hair.See you at the house for dinner?Here we are. Home sweet home.You updated the house.Business must really be booming.It will be. Just have to pay off
the loans first.Don't worry, we'll more than
make up the difference.We have big plans.Come on.Remember this room?Even my old room gets a makeover.Regifting my flowers already?Oh, I thought
it was a nice touch.Simpler times.After you moved out,......we figured your bedroom
shouldn't just collect dust.Now it's the perfect getaway
in addition to the guesthouse.But Charlie
has officially taken that over.And Maya
has all but moved in, too.Look, Amanda,......if you ever wanted
to take a little break......from the East Coast
for a while...I appreciate that.Really, I do.And the sound of being here
for even just a little while......does sound good, but...Then what's stopping you?You work remotely.You don't need to be
across the country.Come home.I don't know
if it would be the best idea.You're still mad at him?After all these years?Lauren......I know you never believed me.And I know you don't wanna think
he had an affair.I wish I was wrong.But I know what I saw.And......I'll never forgive Ian.Think about it.I didn't invite you back here
just for the reopening.Come on,
I wanna show you something.Follow me.I've been learning about
the healing properties of plants.Well, you've always loved
flowers.Well, many are quite medicinal.
They're nature's pharmacy.I miss you.I want to give us another chance.We were so close.Your entire life was here.Are we gonna throw all that away
just because of a few bad years?I've missed you, too.Then, please, come back home.Let's be a family again.Do you wanna plant the last one?Boo!
Maya!Not cool.
Yes.Well, that's what you get......for that little gong stunt
earlier.Oh, what's wrong?The baby can dish it,......but he can't take it?
Okay.Is that better?Good.I have to get ready for dinner.
What...?What am I supposed to do?Well, you can start
by getting dressed.That's the opposite
of how I thought this was going.You know,
I couldn't help but notice......things have been
a little bit intense......with Amanda being back.Yeah.Yeah, I know. I was kinda hoping
things between her and my dad......would've cooled off
by now, but...But not quite so, I see.Well, from what you told me,
I can't really blame her.Is she still mad at him
for what he did?Well, what she thinks he did.Yeah.
She never did prove it.Mom doesn't believe it.
Never did.What about you?I don't know.I mean, dad's a charmer.
But cheating on mom? I mean......whatever Aunt Amanda
thinks he did......was enough
to make her leave, so,......I hope we can all just
put it behind us, start fresh.Me, too.I just don't wanna see you
get hurt again.Or Lauren.One thing is for certain.Dinner's gonna be super awkward.
Super awkward.So you better hurry up
and go get dressed.All right.I'm not gonna say no
to a lady with a bat.Amanda, do you like the tofu?This is tofu?It's great. It's very...
Chewy?Hey.It's Maya's recipe.
She's been cooking for us.In addition to everything else.Yeah, Maya's been a real Godsend.So, I have an announcement.We all know that
the grand reopening......is just a few days away.It's a big step
for the wellness center.Almost a rebirth.We're expanding a lot.And in addition
to all the new services......and amenities
we'll be providing,......Maya and I have been working
on my brand.Reaching more people
outside of the studio.Expanding
my socialmedia presence.Now, Amanda,
this is your area of expertise.And since you don't currently
have a client,......I would like to officially
invite you......into the fold
as my business partner.Wait, what?
Really?That's awesome, now you can
move back, like, for good.I know it's asking a lot.But mom and dad
always wanted this......to be a family business.They left it to the both of us.Lauren, isn't this something......we should be talking about
in private?I mean, there are other people......who have a vested interest
in the business,......people that should have a say.Hey, no offense.We all know
there's a lot of history here,......but I want to change that
to make things right.The two of you
have nothing to worry about.I'll still need you.
That won't change.Yeah, I mean, it's your decision.No, it's not. It's our decision.Dad, come on,
this is a good thing.Charlie, will you stay
out of this, all right?You know what happened last time
that Amanda came here.Enough! Enough!
Really?This is my business.I built it.I'm the one who took over
the center......when no one else wanted it,......so the only opinions
I'm interested in......on the subject are mine
and my sister's.Yeah.Yeah.It's fine.Now, Amanda,......I don't expect you
to answer right away.Take as long as you need.But just know that you always
have a home here.And nothing
would make me happier......than having you back
in our lives.Okay.I'll think about it.Good.Well, if you'll excuse me.I just don't understand......how you couldn't
discuss this with me.It's one thing for her
to come back here for a week.But actually live here?And to own half the business?I am trying to make things right.
She is my sister.She deserves that much.
I don't care who she is.You never discussed it.I knew coming back here
was a mistake.Hey, don't say that.Oh, like it even matters?
I'm glad you're here, okay?Thanks, Charlie.Oh, my gosh.
Yeah, just walk away.And I'm sorry
about all this, Maya.I'm sure Charlie's told you......about the fallout
the family had before.Yeah. Yeah, he did.The way they're fighting,
it's almost like you never left.I'm sorry.I didn't mean it.It's just,
Lauren and I have been......such a great team
the past few months.I'm just a little hurt
she never brought it up to me.That's all.It's okay.I understand.I better get ready for bed.It's......the big day tomorrow.So...
Yeah.It's a good idea.You ready to turn in?
Oh, no.No, I'm gonna stay up
for a little while.Brew Lauren some herbal tea,
help her relax.I know
it doesn't seem like it,......but she's really nervous
about the reopening tomorrow.Thank you so much
for taking care of her.Please.It's the least I can do.
I'd be lost without her, so...Goodnight.All right.
Well, see you in a bit.Yeah.Everything okay?Lauren's......cutting it awful close.Her speech is in five minutes.Hey. Have you seen mom?
Hey.What, she's not back yet?
No.Last time I saw her, she said......she was feeling
a little nauseous,......but that was, like,
a half hour ago.Yeah, she said
she hasn't been feeling well......the last couple of days.I think the reopening's
making her a little bit nervous.I'm gonna go check the restroom.Yeah.
I'll go with you.I'll get another tray out
and try to stall.Okay.
Thank you, Rebecca.Oh, my gosh. Are you okay?I'm fine. Just nerves, I guess.Hey, you don't have to do this
if you're not feeling up to it.No, Amanda's right.
I mean, we can postpone.Or I could give the speech
if you want.I mean, I basically memorized it
while I was helping you prep.Oh, no, thank you.I'm fine.This is everything
that we've been working for.I need to do this.Trust me, I'm fine.
I've got this.Let's go.Good morning, everyone.Thank you so much for coming out
to support us today.It is my pleasure
to introduce to you......the woman
responsible for all of this,......the guru that you all know
and love.Please put your hands together
for Dr. Lauren Birch.Thank you, Maya.As many of you know,......Maya has been my rock
in all of this.And this would not have been
possible without her.When my parents first opened......the Birch Springs
Family Health Center,......they had a very simple
mission in mind.You okay?I'm fine.Sorry, I recently switched
from coffee to tea,......and my brain
has not forgiven me yet.The mission they began
was to provide the community......with a center for healing.A place of comfort,
a place of joy.And that's a mission I've strived
to live up to my entire...Lauren, Lauren, you okay?
Mom. Mom.Lauren?Mom.
Lauren!Lauren?
Lauren?You okay?
Lauren!Lauren, you okay?
Mom.Lauren, Lauren?Somebody call 911!Mom.
Lauren. Lauren?Lauren? Lauren!We will all remember
her warmth......her sense of humor......and her caring spirit.And her spirit will endure.What she's built
is a testament......to who she was.Her mission was to heal.Lauren cared about the health,
personal growth of others,......almost more than herself.That compassion
is what I loved about her.That's what we all loved
about her.She's left a hole in me.She would want us to heal.And right now
I'm in dire need of healing.I think we all are.Thank you all for coming today
to Lauren's celebration.She would've loved that.I'm so sorry, Amanda.Josh? Josh Stone?I haven't seen you since...
High school.Yeah.You doing okay?Spent the entire past week
crying.So I just, I feel like
I don't have any tears left.Well...Just in case.It's just so bizarre.Lauren was one of the healthiest
people I know to......she just collapse
like that,......I mean, from heart failure?Yeah, I know.It doesn't make sense.When was the last time
you saw Lauren?I'm sorry,
I don't mean to be rude.It's just, I wasn't expecting
my high school boyfriend......to be at her memorial.Lauren and I actually reconnected
a few years ago.You did?Yeah, someone broke
into the center,......vandalized the place.She came down to the station
to give a statement,......and I bumped into her there.The station? What, you're a cop?Detective, actually.Homicide.I'll let you be.I just wanted to express
my condolences.Anything I can do to help,
even if it's just to talk......don't hesitate to call.Thanks, Josh.Oh, can you do me a favor?Can you let Ian know
that it'll be a few days......before the toxicology report
comes back?The toxicology report? What?Yeah, the autopsy
didn't give us much info......beyond heart failure,......so the lab performed
a toxicology report.Which, it's standard
in a case like this,......to help identify
the cause of death......and possibly identify
any contaminants in the system.Ian was anxious
to hear the results.Yeah, no, of course.
I'll let him know.Yeah.Thank you.I'm sorry for your loss.Thanks.
Of course.I appreciate it.
Thanks for having me. Take care.Thank you.What a disaster.Charlie making
a complete arse out of himself.Three years sober, gone.What do you expect?He's a recovering addict.
And his mother just died.Yeah, of course,
you'd defend him.Are you kidding me? You're really
bringing this up now?She's gone, Amanda.We don't have to pretend
to get along anymore.Even though I know you still
blame me for what happened.I'm gonna go check on Charlie.Of course, I blame you.You cheated on her.How many times
do I have to tell you?Nothing happened.It's all in your head.Lauren understood that.
Why can't you?I know what I saw, and so do you.You and that girl
at the studio,......when you thought no one
was looking.My gosh, would you just
let it go?Lauren is dead.Do you really need
to keep ruining our lives?You think I ruined your life?
Of course, I do!You nearly ended my marriage,......you sank our business,......tore our family apart......by pushing Charlie back
into using......and abandoning your sister
when things got too difficult.So, yeah,
I think you ruined our lives.I'm just......tired, Amanda.I just lost the only person
I've ever loved,......and I don't have the strength
to keep fighting with you. So......if you need to believe
that I had an affair......to make me a monster......then go ahead.Just......do it someplace else.Our family doesn't need you
destroying it anymore.Why are you so interested
in that toxicology report?I ran into Josh Stone
at the memorial.He said you were anxiously
awaiting the results.What exactly are you implying?I wanna know how my wife died......because it doesn't make
any sense.I want answers......closure.I'd expect you, of all people,
to understand that.Oh, Charlie.Hey, Charlie.Okay.I'm sorry you had
to see me like this.It's okay.
Don't even think about it.All right?She would've hated me today.No, she wouldn't have.She would've been
worried about you,......but she would have loved you.She always has and......she always will.I'm such a messup.
No, don't say that.Look, we all have
our weaknesses, okay?And, and you've been
through a lot.Look, we're gonna beat this.Okay?This, this is just
your way of showing grief.You know?Ian's way of showing grief
is yelling at people.I mean......and which I understand,
you know?I wish I could yell at someone.But, but Maya?I guess I can't expect her
to feel the sadness......the same way we do, but......she posted this strange
message on the website today......and then linked it
to the home page and......it was just so weird.It was like she was using
Lauren's death for publicity.I...There we go.Goodnight, Charlie.We're gonna beat this, I promise.Maya, you, you scared
the heck out of me.Sorry about that.I didn't wanna interrupt.How long have you been
standing there?Well, not long.Amanda, I can't imagine
how hard this must be for you.Lauren was like family to me,
but you're her sister.And I'm so, so sorry.Thank you.Just know,
anything you need, I'm here.And whatever you decide,
we'll understand.Now that Lauren's gone,
nobody's expecting you......to help at the center,......Ian and I can take over
so that you can have your space.Well, I appreciate that.But I'm not gonna be leaving.Not again.Really?I need to make sure
that Charlie's taken care of......and, I need to know the truth.About what?About how my sister really died.I refuse to believe
she had heart failure.And there's something
that just doesn't make sense.And I'm not leaving
until I know what it is.Well, I think that's wonderful.And if you want to help us
carry on Lauren's work,......we'd love to have you.Okay, then.
Okay.Goodnight.
Goodnight.Busy morning?
Amanda.Maya said you might be
joining us today.I figured since I'm here, I might
as well keep an eye on things.It's what Lauren wanted.I guess it doesn't matter
what anyone else wants.Not in the slightest.Hope I didn't ruin your day.Amanda. Hey.Hey.
You came.Yeah.Well, so does this mean that
you're gonna stay......and help us out?I am.Whatever you need. For Lauren.That's so great.I'm sure she's
smiling down on you.Huh, pretty good
first day so far?Better than expected.I was worried
that closing down for a week......would cause us
to lose some steam, but...People really wanted
to support Lauren.Word must have
gotten out somehow.Yeah, even from the afterlife
she's bringing people together.Pretty amazing, isn't it?You okay?Yeah, I just...Sorry, I...It just feels wrong
for anything good......to come out of such
a tragedy, you know?I know.But you would have had
a good turnout regardless, right?It's what you both
worked so hard for.Yeah. It's not just that though,
you know?It's the money and...
The money?Yeah, you know,
Lauren's lifeinsurance policy.It's gonna help
repay the loans......and it's gonna help expedite
further expansion,......or whatever, I don't know.That's what Ian's saying, anyway.Ian said that?Yeah. Please don't tell him
that I told you that.I mean, he has a hardenough time
talking about it as it is.I'm sorry,......I should not have unloaded
on you like that.No. No, it's fine.Really, I'm, I'm happy
to talk if you need to.Thank you.Well, I better go. Another class
is starting in 10 minutes.So...<i>Stone. Yeah.</i>
Josh?Hey, it's Amanda.<i>Amanda...</i>
Are you free to grab a coffee?<i>Okay.</i>In my line of work,
it's easy to jump to conclusions.But trust me, it doesn't help.
Unless I'm right.Amanda......this hasn't been
ruled a homicide.It's still unclear. To......accuse someone
of murder at this point...Yeah, somebody with motive.You really think
the insurance money......is enough for Ian
to kill his wife?Sure, I mean,
if he didn't really love her.All right, look, Amanda,
Lauren told me......about what you thought
happened.That you accused Ian of cheating,
that it tore the family apart.Lauren didn't believe it.I'm inclined to agree with her.Which leaves Ian with no motive.Are you okay?It just always really hurt when
Lauren believed Ian and not me.Now it hurts even more.Can I get you two fresh cups?Yeah, please.
Yeah, that would be great.I'm glad you called me,even if your motives were......to throw your brotherinlaw
under the bus.I'm surprised you didn't ask me
about the toxicology report.I assumed that's why
you wanted to meet.What do you mean?Oh, they didn't tell you?Oh, I dropped it off
at the center this morning.No, nobody told me.
What did it say?The lab found a substance
in Lauren's bloodstream.It's possible it could've
contributed to her heart failure.What?Have you ever heard
of colchicine?No.I'm doing this
as a favor for a friend.For Lauren.This is not
an investigation, okay?Okay.
All right.Right.So......colchicine is a natural drug.Completely legal, mind you."It's often found
as a white power in tablets.It's used to treat
inflammation, gout......and familial
Mediterranean fever."Which is a real thing
according to Wikipedia.So it's possible Lauren
was taking this medication......to treat some of those
symptoms,......got the dosage wrong.Because if too much is taken,
it can be deadly.Wait, those flowers,
they were Lauren's favorite.I mean, she plants them
in her garden.That's right.It's also the source
of colchicine.Which gives credence
to the theory......that she was
selfmedicating,......and maybe her death
was an accident.But Lauren wasn't reckless.That's the only theory
we have at this point.No, the only thing I'm hearing......is that somebody could have
poisoned my sister,...and the police aren't even
considering it.Amanda, if this is all we have,
it doesn't prove anything.I promise you, as soon as
something suspicious arises,I will let you know, okay?Amanda. Come on...Charlie?Charlie?Charlie?Charl...Charlie!Charlie!Charlie!Oh, gosh. Oh, thank gosh.What, what's going on?Thank gosh. I...
I came here to check on you.And when I saw you lying here,
I thought you were...Oh, gosh.
I'm fine.No, Charlie, you're not.What are you doing?Relax, it's just a bit of pills.
You're not my mom.Honey...Hey. Do you have a minute?Yeah.Is everything okay?I'm fine, thanks. What's up?I just ran into Charlie.Can we talk?Sure.I haven't seen him this bad
in a really long time.He even had to call his sponsor.You've seen Charlie
relapse before?To this extent, only once,
when we first met,......but that was three years ago.When I left.It seems like whenever
I'm here, Charlie slips.No, don't say that.This is nobody's fault
but Charlie's.You can't blame yourself
for his addiction.Lauren would've said that.I, I spoke with
Detective Stone earlier.He said he was
by the center this morning......to drop off
a toxicology report?Yeah, he did. He gave it to Ian.
Did you guys learn anything?He said there was something
in Lauren's system.It's a drug called colchicine.You take it for inflammation.But if you take too much of it,
then it can be fatal.And he thinks
she was taking that?That's the theory.Apparently, it comes from
those flowers that she grows.Somehow, she took too much.And the evidence suggests
that it was an accident.But you don't believe that.It's just, Lauren was
always so careful......about what she put
in her system.You know, I just, I can't see her
being that reckless.So what does this mean?You think somebody else
did this to her?I don't know,but......I have suspicions.That the drugs could have
come from someone else.You don't think that
Charlie would've...I don't think that
he would ever do......anything intentionally
to hurt her.That's not what I'm saying.
It's just...Yeah.
When I saw him earlier,......he was, he was so out of it
and so confused and......you know, what if
somehow he relapsed......before her death
and none of us noticed?And he just got
the drugs mixed up......and somehow Lauren just...Is this crazy?
No. It's not.It would explain why he relapsed
so hard this time.I have to show you
something at the center.Back when Charlie and I
first started dating,I noticed him behind the front
desk computer a couple of times.I didn't think anything about it
at the time,......but once
I started working here,I figured out
what was really going on.He was using the company account
to order drugs.Painkillers, mostly,......stuff that conceivably Lauren
would have ordered.But not all the pills
would be accounted for.Oh, Charlie.So it's possible that another
order was placed recently.We can look up the order history.So it does look like
there was an order......placed for some painkillers.And...Oh, no.No.Wait, but anyone could have
placed this order, right?This doesn't necessarily mean
that it was Charlie.Right, yeah, well, we could
check the security cameraand see if he even used
the computer.There's a camera?Yeah. Lauren had it installed......after the place was
vandalized a few years back.Oh, that's right. Stone mentioned
something about that.Can we access the footage?
Yup.Okay, so here's the day
that the order was placed.We can scroll
through the footage.That doesn't look good.Are you gonna tell the detective?I don't know.I mean, the last thing I wanna do
is hurt Charlie,......but if it's the truth, then...I have no choice.Yeah.I didn't realize just how much
contempt you had for my family.I spoke to Maya.She shared with me your......concerns about Charlie.Trust me.The last thing I want to do
is hurt Charlie.Trust you?Amanda, for as long
as I've known you,......the only thing
I can trust you to do......is ruin
everything I care about.Look, I can understand
you blaming me.But Charlie?Never in a million years
did I think......you would point the finger
at him.Say something!Okay.You don't scare me.I don't wanna blame Charlie,
but I need to know the truth.And you ruined everything
you cared about, not me.You listen to me, Amanda.If you go through with this,if you tell the detective
what you think,it'll destroy him.I already did.Then whatever happens next,
that's on your conscience.<i>I will follow you</i><i>If you dare to fall</i><i>I will follow you</i><i>Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah</i><i>Trying to save</i>
<i>The only thing yeah</i><i>I'm hanging on</i>
<i>I'm hanging by a thread</i><i>Breathe in...</i><i>...and out.</i><i>I will follow you</i><i>Another breath in...</i><i>...and out.</i>
<i>I will follow you</i><i>If you dare</i><i>Close your eyes and visualize.</i><i>Find a place</i>
<i>that brings you comfort...</i><i>...serenity, joy.</i><i>Do you have a clear picture?</i><i>Just stay</i>
<i>with whatever is happening.</i><i>I will follow you</i><i>If you dare to fall</i><i>I will follow you</i><i>If you dare</i><i>Keep breathing.</i><i>I will follow you...</i><i>If you dare to fall</i><i>I will follow you</i><i>If you dare</i>
<i>But I can't believe...</i><i>I will follow you</i><i>You...</i><i>Let calm rush over you and</i>
<i>let everything just disappear.</i><i>You...</i><i>Good.</i><i>Detective Stone.</i>What happened?It's Charlie. He's...He had an accident.He...He's alive,
but it isn't good.I know.Oh, gosh.Charlie.Charlie, it's me. It's your dad.What's wrong with him?
Why... Why isn't he responding?He's in a coma.The fall
and the drugs in his system......were just too much.The doctors aren't sure
when or if he'll come out of it.They said he injected a high dose
of something into his arm.Probably morphine.They don't know
if it was an accident or he...Oh, dammit, Charlie.And, what did the police say......about Lauren?Do they think that...
I don't know.Stone just wanted to give us
some time with Charlie, so...I'd like to be with my son.Alone.No. I'm, I'm not leaving him.Just go, Amanda.You've done enough.Okay, well, if you,
if you need us...Just... Just, just go.Charlie.Char...<i>Another breath in...</i><i>...and out.</i><i>Feel your stress melt away.</i><i>Let go of things</i>
<i>beyond your control.</i><i>Focus on your breath...</i><i>...your heartbeat.</i><i>Stay present in this moment.</i>I don't understand
what that means.Those are colchicine tablets.The same thing
they found in Lauren.We found it in Charlie's car,
underneath the seat.Look at the envelope.Yeah, that's the supplier
the center orders from,......which is the supplier
Charlie ordered from.So what?Charlie's responsible for Lauren?Possibly,
whether directly or indirectly,there's now a clear connection
between him and Lauren's death.I mean, if he wakes up...
When he wakes up.Sorry. When he wakes up,
I'm gonna have to question him.He's now a person of interest.You... you can't possibly think
that Charlie......is responsible
for his mother's...Amanda, I...
No, Charlie is gonna wake up.And when he does,
he's gonna have an explanation.And you'll see
that this has all been......some kind of misunderstanding.All right, I'm not trying to jump
to any conclusions.I just needed to pursue all leads
and possibilities.Okay.Okay.Well, thank you.Is there anything else
that we can do to help?Right now you just need
to be there for each other......and Charlie......and Ian.I know it's gonna be tough, but
Charlie's gonna need some time.So find a way to cope. You know,
find a way to get some peace.Thank you.I know.It sucks.<i>Today we're going to do</i>
<i>a meditation for letting go,</i><i>to find inner peace and calm.</i><i>Breathe in...</i><i>...and out.</i><i>Let the wave of calm</i>
<i>wash over you.</i><i>Feel your stress melt away.</i>I honor the...<i>Let go of things</i>
<i>beyond your control.</i><i>Let calm wash over you and</i>
<i>let everything just disappear.</i><i>Good.</i><i>Focus on your breath,</i>
<i>your heartbeat.</i><i>Stay present in this moment.</i><i>Let go of the things</i>
<i>beyond your control.</i><i>Let a wave of calm wash over you.</i><i>Let everything else</i>
<i>just disappear.</i>Maya?You all right?Yup.It's just one of those days,
I guess.Is there something
you wanna talk about?I saw you with Ian.Is he doing anything
inappropriate?No.No.I think we're both
just vulnerable.And I think he got caught up
in the moment.Are you sure?Because if you need me
to talk to him, I will.No, please.He's having a hardenough time
with everything as it is and...Look, I know you two
don't like each other.But Ian's a good man, okay?You can't fault him
for just trying to find......some small amount of comfort
in all of this.Okay?
Okay.But if you ever need to tell me
anything, know that I'm here.Okay?
I will.Thank you.I promise,
there's nothing to worry about.Okay.I'll get it.Oh, hey, Detective Stone.
Hey.Come on in.
Yeah.Hey.
Hey.Good evening, everyone,
I'm sorry to disturb your dinner.No, it...It's fine.To what do we owe this pleasure?Well I had some good news......and I wanted to come over
and tell you in person.Charlie's awake.So, is he doing okay?Well, doctors said he's stable.He's not speaking yet,
but they're optimistic......he'll be able to talk soon.That's wonderful news. Thank gad.Can we see him?He's still a little out of it.But I'm told he can see people
tomorrow.So what does this mean
as far as the case goes?We still have to question him.And if he's talking tomorrow,
I'll take his statement.He's still our best lead.Yeah. Well, I'll let you get back
to your dinner.Thank you.I'll walk you out.Code blue! Cell six!The good news is we were able
to help him in time,......but it was close.No, it doesn't make any sense.How does something like this
happen?The odds that Charlie's
medication was tampered......with so drastically by mistake
are remote.So......you're telling me somebody
snuck in......and tried to kill him
while he slept?I know it sounds crazy.No.
What...It doesn't sound crazy to me.Well, we have an officer
stationed outside his room.Only authorized personnel
will get in from now on.What about family?I'm sorry.I can't let you see him.Charlie was targeted in much
the same way his mother was.The only obvious conclusion
I can draw from that......is that Charlie's attacker is
responsible for Lauren's death.This is now
a murder investigation.Yeah, so...so,
so what happens now?You three are
the closest people......in both Charlie
and Lauren's lives.So you'll be brought in
for questioning.What are you saying?We're suspects?Yes.And you're the only ones
we've got.But before we do all that,......I'm gonna go check on Charlie.Thank you.Detective?Hey.What happened?
Charlie, how...How are you feeling?Only about as good as I look.What happened?Well, I was hoping
you could help me with that.Are you okay to talk?Yeah.I don't know how much use
I'm gonna be, but...Well, you've been unconscious
for almost a week.Wait, what?Where...where is everybody?Do they know I'm all right?
Yes, they know.Maya, Amanda, your father,......they've been here
every single day.Hardly left your side.The only reason they're not here
now is by my order.Why?Because I gotta ask you
a few questions.And also...While you were under,......someone broke into your room,
pumped your IV full of morphine.Enough to kill you.Charlie, I need you to think......about that night
of the accident.Were you the only one out there?I don't know.I remember, I, I went to drink.Try, please. It's important.I remember something...Somebody grabbed me, and then,
and then a pain in my arm.Is that from the drugs?
What?Well, doctors said they found
painkillers in your system.No, no. I didn't use that night.I, I wanted to
and I, I went to, but...I couldn't find any.Are you saying
somebody drugged you?I don't remember anything else.What about
the colchicine tablets, Charlie?We found them in your car.What the heck is colchicine?I've seen the way
you look at her.So you admit it.I just wanted to feel......something......besides the grief.But it didn't make me feel
any better.Just made me feel more......guilt.And that's all I feel anymore
is just grief and guilt.Do you really expect me
to feel sorry for you?She's Charlie's girlfriend.When Charlie finds out, he's...
I know, okay?I know.And it kills me to think about
Charlie......laying there in the hospital
and me......I'm tired, Amanda.I'm tired of all the fighting.I'm tired about the lying.I just want it all to be over.You want what to be over?You were right......about me all those years ago.I cheated on Lauren.And it was a stupid,
stupid mistake.And I couldn't tell her.And I regretted it
every day of my life.And now she's......she's gone.And I was too much of a coward
to tell her......to tell her how sorry I was......how it ate me up inside.I really did love her
despite what you think.I loved her more than anything.I never meant to hurt her.Where are you going?Ian?<i>This is Stone.</i>
Hey, Josh, it's Amanda.Can you talk?
<i>Yeah.</i><i>I was actually gonna call you.</i><i>I had a talk with Charlie</i>
<i>that was interesting.</i>Well, it'll be nothing compared
to what Ian just told me.He admitted to the affair.
<i>What?</i>Oh, you should've seen him......and heard the things
he was saying.It was almost like......it was almost like
a confession.<i>I'm going to the wellness center.</i><i>Can you meet me there?</i>The center?Yeah, but I...
<i>Good.</i><i>Go now.</i>I can't do this anymore.I won't be able
to live with myself.I understand.Did you do what we talked about?Yeah.I...I told her about us......and how I cheated on Lauren.Everything.I'm really proud of you.I know that wasn't easy,......but now you don't have to
carry the guilt.And like Lauren always said,......Harmony starts from within.So...Hey.
Hey.So, what's going on?I need your help finding
something in Ian's office.What?
I'll explain as we go.I need a warrant to search.
But don't you own the business?Oh, half, yeah, technically.Do I have your permission
to search the premises?So, what are we looking for?Charlie said he was attacked
the night of the accident.Normally, I'd take that
with a grain of salt,......but since he was also attacked
at the hospital,......it lends the story
some credence.Well, how did it happen?Well, someone drugged him
and pushed him over the ridge.And you think his dad did it?Well, stranger things
have happened.When you told me
about the affair,......thought that sounded like
enough motive......to at least pursue him.Now all we need is something
that connects him......to Charlie's accident.Is that...Looks like we found our weapon.Look.
Colchicine.I'm sorry, Amanda,
looks like you were right......about Ian all along.Stone.Got it.Two shots fired at the house.Let's go.
What?Stay here. Lock the door.Is anyone there?Hello?Is anyone there?Maya, what are doing in there?It's Ian.
It's Ian.He...he did this to me.We were in the cottage.We were talking
and he pulled a gun.He just...
Okay. Are you okay?Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.Where is Ian now?
I don't know.I, I just took the bat.I knocked him out with it......and then I just ran.
Okay.Was that Amanda?Hey, are you okay?
Hey. Yeah.He's inside.
Okay.Ian?Is he...No, he's still alive.What? Take it easy.Take it easy.
What...what's going on?What's going on is,
you're under arrest.What?
I have you on assault......with a deadly weapon,......attempted murder
of your son......and a possible murder
of your wife.But this is insane.Look, I don't know
what happened here,......but I, I didn't hurt anyone.
Let's go.Maya, tell him.I'm sorry, Ian, you need help.Amanda?Please, just take him away.
What? No.No, you're,
you're making a mistake here.Amanda, Maya.It's over.Oh, it's so good
to see you sitting upright.It feels good, too.I never thought I'd be so anxious
to get out of bed.Yeah?You still think you'll be able
to come home tomorrow?That's what the doctor says.Although, I'm not sure how much
it's gonna feel like home......after what you told me.Charlie, I'm so sorry
for everything he did.It's so hard to believe.I know.I'm still trying to wrap my brain
around it.I mean,
why would he do that to her?Or just for some insurance money?That and the problems he was
having with Mom, apparently.I still can't believe he told you
about the affair.Me neither.It was a long time coming.Do you think there were others?I don't know.It's possible, I guess.I never told mom this, but......I always believed you,
about Dad.You did?
Yeah. I just...I couldn't admit it.Do you remember
a few years back,......when there was a vandalism
at the center?Yeah?
I don't think it was a robbery.I think Dad dumped a girl and
she took it out on the office.Why are you telling me this?Because......I wanted to say I'm sorry.That maybe if I did,......things wouldn't have
ended up this way,......that maybe my mom
would've still been here.Hey.Don't blame yourself for this.The only person at fault here
is Ian.Okay?Yeah.All that matters now
is that you're coming home.All right, we're gonna
get through this together.We're family.Okay?
All right.We really haven't had a chance
to catch up......since the other night.Yeah.Sorry about that.Here you go.Yeah, I was fillin' out
a lot of paperwork,......trying to explain
what the heck happened.I bet.How are you holdin' up?A little better.
But still pretty shaken up.How about you?
How are things with Ian?Just as belligerent.Keeps comin' up with every excuse
to deny everything.But he can't argue
with the evidence.I know.
Hey, trust me.He's going away for a long time.And you can all put this
behind you.I hear Charlie's comin' home.He is. Yeah.
I just saw him this morning.And they cleared him
to leave the hospital tomorrow.Good.
So it'll be nice......to have him home.Nice to make things
feel normal again.Well, as normal as possible,
I guess.How are things at the center?Well, we closed it down
for a few days, you know,......while we try and figure out
what to do next.Maya keeps saying that I should
take over instead of selling it.And keep her on staff,......I presume. Yeah.
Yeah, I, I suppose so.I just...I never thought that I'd be......taking over Mom and Dad's
place. You know?Well, Lauren's place.Your place.Well, for what it's worth,
I think you should stay.Hello? Anybody there?Aunt Amanda.Hey, Charlie.
I'm sorry for calling so late.If you can't talk...
No, no, it's okay,......the nurses have eased up on me
since it's my last day.Is everything okay?
Yeah.No, everything's great.I just had a quick question.Something I'm trying
to figure out.Sure.The day the colchicine tablets
were ordered,......you were on the computer.I saw it on the security camera.Okay.But if you didn't order
the drugs,......then why were you
on the computer?And I'm, I promise,
I'm not accusing you of anything.I'm just trying to make sense
of it is all.No, no, no, it's,
it's totally fine.I, I get it. But ho...honestly,
I can't remember.Okay, please try.It would have been a few days
before the reopening.Remember the night when your mom
asked me to join the business?The order was placed
the following day.Oh, wait.That was the night
Mom started feeling nauseous.Maya was looking after her,......so she asked me to check
the schedule on the computer.What? Maya asked you
to use the computer?<i>Yeah. Why?</i>Hello?Auntie Amanda?Oh, good. You're awake.Wha...Maya, why are you doing this?I didn't want this.None of this
was supposed to happen.Nobody was supposed to get hurt.Nobody was supposed to die.And then you came here
and ruined everything.Just like you did
three years ago.It was, it was you.You're the one that Ian
had the affair with.Yes, and everything was fine
and then you told Lauren.And then Ian made it stop.That's why you killed Lauren?
Because Ian broke it off?No, I didn't mean to kill her!I just started work here
to spite him.He wanted me to leave it,
but then I fell for Charlie.Oh, gosh.
Lauren was so nice to me.She took me under her wing.She trusted me,
she was grooming me,......relying on me.And then you showed up.And she...she just gives you
half the company.That's not fair.If you cared for Lauren so much,
why did you kill her?I didn't mean to kill her.I just wanted her to get sick.I just wanted to take charge
while she recovered......and show her I deserve
to be here and not you.It wasn't just Lauren.You hurt Charlie.And you framed Ian, too,
didn't you?Planted the pills in his office?You didn't give me a choice.After everything
she did for you...Lauren was nothing
but compassionate.Tried to help you, but you,......you kill her and
you destroyed everything......she ever cared about.Because of you!Because of you!You kept the detective going
and investigating.I wasn't gonna lose
everything,......go to jail
for the rest of my life......because of one stupid mistake.Do you understand that?You're a monster.
No.Well, unfortunately for you,......you're the only one
that thinks that.No! No!No.For what it's worth,
I really am sorry.Maya, please.You don't have to do this.Yes, I do.But don't worry.I'll take care of Charlie......and I'll carry on
Lauren's legacy.<i>Close your eyes and visualize.</i><i>Find a place</i>
<i>that brings you comfort.</i><i>Let calm wash over you and</i>
<i>let everything just disappear.</i><i>Good.</i>Hey!
Hey!So, how's the new instructor?She's good.I mean, she's no Lauren,
but who is?Hey, thanks for all your help......around here, Charlie.
Yeah.I wouldn't be able to
run the place without you.I'm really enjoying it.And the view
ain't so bad, either.You...you just work on
your inner peace, okay?Hey.Hey.I just wanted to say I'm sorry
for how I treated you......and for what I did.I'm, I'm sorry, too,......for thinking
you could have done it.I, I just wanna move forward.I'm still working on
forgiving you......for everything with Maya,......but......I'm, I'm tired of being angry.Yeah, me, too.I'd like to give it a shot.Me, too.Hey, buddy.So are you gonna tell
Ian and Maya?Nah.I've done that once before......and all I did was
tear the family apart.He never had a chance
to ask Lauren for forgiveness.So now's his chance with Charlie.So......you decide if you're stayin'?It looks that way.I'm gonna run the center
with Ian and Charlie.And just a fresh new start.I think Lauren would be proud.Yeah.<i>Feel the calm.</i><i>Feel the air around you.</i><i>Let go of your past.</i><i>The future is not here yet.</i><i>Just be in the present</i>
<i>with your breath and your calm.</i><i>Let go of your surroundings.</i><i>Let go of all material things.</i><i>Allow yourself peace and calm.</i><i>Let the past retreat.</i><i>Be here in the moment.</i><i>Good.</i>吸气吐气让平静的波浪从你身上流过感觉压力消失了让一切脱离意识主导专注于呼吸和心跳让思绪集中在此时此刻让其他事物就此消失致命门徒(港译:致命门徒)双手在心脏前合十手往另一边延伸(主演:珍奈特索沙)战士式(主演:布蕾妮希尔)(主演:基南崔西)战士二式手往后方延伸,就是这样尽量往后方延伸再继续延伸往两侧伸展前半侧出力往前弯起身,你可以跳起来或站起来吸气你的心脏在跳动吐气回到中央双手在心脏前合十感觉身体在震动身心灵合一你们都在这里在你的身体里且充满力量谢谢大家今天早上的参与愿你们平静地度过今天希望我们练习的成果能让所有人受惠我尊崇你们内在的光(导演:戴芬祖尼加)谢谢 谢谢我尊崇你内在的光谢谢 谢谢太棒了 好的冷静点,老师面前的红人你只是在气你自己跟不上进度开什么玩笑?好几个姿势我都很拿手婴儿式不算你们觉得课上得如何?一如往常般完美那是你这么觉得而已不知道查理有什么感想我?一如往常般轻松地征服好吧是我被征服了没错,亲爱的,所以才会叫做练习别担心,很快就能让你的身体净化妈,谢谢满身大汗,要走了吗?对,谢谢你 好的不客气,再见再吸一口气然后吐气放手不需任何力气,只要放手就好对你来说或许可以谢谢 你今天在家下周见 再见好亚曼达阿姨你好 查理真高兴见到你 你好吗?你看看你真不敢相信你来了你好 真高兴见到你我也是我也很高兴见到你秋水仙是要给我的吗?我认识的人里面只有你喜欢秋水仙真漂亮我先冲个澡,我整个早上都在教课快请进参观一下天啊,她把这里彻底翻修了是啊,你也知道我妈这周末盛大开幕,一切得完美无瑕她想让这个地方重生这是她说的 对说到重生,你完全变了个样子谢谢我上次看到你时,你…没关系,我知道,你可以说出来我那时候毒瘾复发但到下周我就戒瘾满三年了太好了 谢谢我以为你荣 谢谢这都要感谢我妈我回来之后,她一直盯著我她和玛雅玛雅?我妈的助手,得意门生和精神继任者她和我妈互为阴阳她是我女友那就是她她的筋看起来很软她上我妈的课好几年了从她在这里工作之前所以我们才会认识她超棒的,来吧她聪明又幽默她协助我妈翻修这个地方过来,我介绍你们认识玛雅…玛雅天啊,查理,你差点害我心脏病发我忍不住我的错,是我鼓励他幼稚冲动的行为我是亚曼达,萝伦的妹妹天啊,你怎么不早说?对不起,我太兴奋了萝伦很常提到你纽约的社群媒体顾问,对吧?我在纽约才待了几年,但就是我没错我跟我那热爱大自然的姊姊几乎完全相反没关系,我不会因此讨厌你我的玩笑开得不好你的姊姊是我的英雄玛雅只差一张限制令就成了真正的跟踪狂真高兴你能来参加这次重新开幕我知道萝伦很期待你能来我不会错过的太好了,你会在这待多久?还不确定,我刚完成一场活动我想先休息,再准备下次的工作转租曼哈顿公寓的容易程度会让你们惊讶不已看起来你们忙了很久我几乎认不出这个地方了我知道,你相信这是同一栋房子吗?你爸妈的健康中心是很棒的基础加上萝伦的愿景完全实现了这一切我明白你离开三年有很多要消化吸收的,但…怎么了?我说错话了? 不,没什么没关系好的我们去找我妈吧?让你好好参观一下好主意 好我不是故意惹她不开心不,别担心,只是这话题比较敏感好 没事好的 好吗?伊恩?亚曼达能见到你太棒了萝伦一直提到你欢迎来到我们扩展中的家族事业孩子们 爸你有看到妈吗?我们想带亚曼达参观这里没有,但我先不打扰你们了晚餐家里见?到了,温暖的家你翻修了房子生意一定很好一定会的,只是得先付贷款别担心,我们不只要补足差额还有远大的计画来吧记得这个房间吗?就连我原本的房间也改造过了这么快就转送我之前送你的那盆花?我想说这样应该不错那时候单纯多了你搬走后,我们觉得你的房间不能只是用来累积灰尘现在这里不只是客房也是度假小屋但查理正式接管了玛雅也搬进来了听我说,亚曼达如果你想暂时离开东岸喘口气谢谢你真的就算只是在这里待一会儿听起来都很棒那为何不留下?你远端工作,不用横越整个国家回家吧我不知道这是不是最好的主意经过这么多年你还在生他的气?萝伦我知道你不相信我你不想觉得他有外遇我宁可我是错的但我知道我看到了什么而且…我永远不会原谅伊恩你考虑一下我邀请你回来不是只为了重新开幕来吧,我要让你看个东西跟我来我一直在学习植物的疗愈特性你一直都很喜欢花很多植物都有药效,是大自然的药局我很想你我想再给我们彼此一次机会我们以前很亲近你的人生都在这里度过只因为不如意的几年就要抛弃这一切吗?我也很想你那就拜托你回来吧让我们一家人重聚你要种下最后一朵吗?吓到了吧 玛雅这不好笑 明明就很好笑这是你之前吓我的回礼怎么了?你可以吓人不能被吓? 好吧好多了吗?那就好我得换装准备吃晚餐 什么?那我该怎么办?你可以开始换衣服这跟我以为的完全相反我注意到亚曼达回来后气氛变得有点紧张是啊我本来希望她和我爸之间的事已经平息了 但事与愿违根据你的说法,我无法怪她她还在气他做的事吗?她以为他做的事对 她没能找到证据我妈一直都不相信她说的那你呢?我不知道我爸很有魅力,但背叛我妈,这…无论亚曼达阿姨觉得他做了什么都足以迫使她离开这里我希望我们可以放下一切,重新开始我也是我只是不想看到你或萝伦再次受到伤害可以确定一件事晚餐一定会很尴尬 超级尴尬所以你最好快去换衣服好吧我不会反抗一个拿著球棒的女士亚曼达,你喜欢豆腐吗?这是豆腐?很棒,很有… 嚼劲?住口这是玛雅的食谱,她一直帮我们做饭还有帮忙其他事是啊,玛雅是上帝赐给我们的我要宣布一件事我们都知道几天后要重新开幕这是健康中心的一大进展几乎像重生一样我们大幅扩展除了提供新的服务和设施之外玛雅和我一直在处理我的品牌接触更多健康中心以外的人增加我在社群媒体上的曝光率亚曼达,这是你的专业既然你现在手上没有别的客户我想正式邀请你成为我的合夥人等一下,什么? 真的?太好了,这样你就可以搬回来了我知道这是蛮大的要求但爸妈一直都希望这是家族事业他们把它留给我们两个人萝伦,这件事不是该私下讨论吗?还有其他利害关系人他们应该有发言权我不是针对你我们都知道这里发生了很多事但我想改变,做正确的事你们两个人不用担心我还是需要你们,这点不会改变这是你的决定不,这是我们的决定爸,这是一件好事查理,你别管 查理你知道上次亚曼达在时发生了什么事好吗? 够了这是我的事业是我打造的是我在没人想要的时候接手经营这件事我只在乎我和我妹的意见好好没关系亚曼达,你不用马上给我答案你想考虑多久都可以但你只要记得这里永远都是你家若你能回来的话,我会非常高兴好我会考虑那就好我先告退我只是不懂你为什么不先跟我讨论她回来待一周是一回事但要真的住下来?拥有事业一半的经营权?我想导正一切,她是我妹值得拥有这些 我不管她是谁你从不跟我讨论我就知道回来是错的你一直不赞同我的想法 听著别这么说这重要吗? 我很高兴你回来我不说了 查理,谢谢天啊拍拍屁股就走 玛雅,真抱歉查理一定跟你说了我们家之前的风波对,他说了他们争吵的样子就像你从未离开过对不起我不是有意的只是我和萝伦这几个月以来合作愉快她没提过这件事让我有点难过仅此而已没关系我懂我最好准备上床睡觉了这…明天是个大日子所以… 对好主意你要睡了吗? 不我晚点再睡泡个香草茶给萝伦喝,让她放松一下我知道她看起来没事但明天的重新开幕让她很紧张谢谢你照顾她 对别这么说我能做的只有这样没有她我早就迷失了晚安好吧,等下见好(盛大重新开幕就在今日)没事吧?萝伦…把时间抓得太赶了她五分钟后就要演讲了你有看到我妈吗? 你好她还没回来? 没有我上次看到她时,她说有点想吐但那是半小时前的事她说她这几天一直不太舒服我想重新开幕的事让她有点紧张我去厕所看一下好 我跟你一起去我再端一盘出去,尽量拖延时间好 蕾贝卡,谢谢你天啊,你没事吧?没事,应该只是紧张而已你不想的话就别做了亚曼达说得对,我们可以延期我也可以帮你发表演说我陪你准备时,几乎都记下来了不了,谢谢你我没事这是我们努力的心血我非做不可相信我,我没事,我可以的走吧(厕所)大家早安谢谢你们今天过来支持我们我很荣幸能为各位介绍这一切的推手你们都认识和喜爱的瑜珈大师掌声欢迎萝伦柏区博士玛雅,谢谢你很多人知道玛雅是这里的支柱之一没有她就无法重新开幕我爸妈成立柏区泉家庭健康中心时只有一个很简单的使命你没事吧?没事抱歉,我最近刚从喝咖啡换成喝茶我的大脑还没原谅我他们想要提供这个社区一个疗愈中心一个舒适且充满欢乐的地方这也是我一直以来努力实践的…萝伦,你还好吗? 妈萝伦…妈 萝伦萝伦 萝伦你还好吗? 萝伦萝伦,你没事吧? 妈萝伦快叫救护车妈 萝伦萝伦…我们都会记得她的温暖幽默感和爱心她的精神会永存她所打造的健康中心证明了…她是什么样的人她的使命是疗愈他人萝伦关心别人的健康和个人成长几乎超过在乎她自己我爱的就是她这种怜悯心我们都爱她这一点她让我的内心留下一个洞她会希望我们的伤口能愈合现在我迫切需要疗愈我想我们都是谢谢你们今天来参加萝伦的追思会她会很感动的亚曼达,我很遗憾乔许?乔许史东?我们很久没见了,从… 高中对你还好吗?整整哭了一周我觉得我的眼泪都流乾了这个嘛以防万一太奇怪了萝伦是我认识的人里面最健康的一位她就这样倒下了因为心脏衰竭?我知道这不合理你最后一次见到萝伦是什么时候?抱歉,我不想要这么失礼只是没想到我高中男友会来参加丧礼萝伦和我几年前重新联络上是吗?对,有人闯入健康中心,蓄意破坏她来警局做笔录,我在那里遇到她警局?你是警察?其实是警探重案组不打扰你了我只是表达哀悼之意有什么我能帮上忙的就算只是聊聊也行尽管打给我乔许,谢谢你对了,你可以帮个忙吗?跟伊恩说毒物化验报告还需要几天毒物化验报告?对,尸检没能提供心脏衰竭外的资讯所以实验室进行了毒物化验这是处理这种案件的标准流程有助于确认死因或许能查出体内是否有任何污染物伊恩急著想知道结果没问题,我会转告他好谢谢很遗憾你失去了亲人谢谢 不客气谢谢 谢谢你邀请我来,保重谢谢太糟了查理的表现糟透了戒瘾三年就这样没了你还想怎样?他还在戒瘾,他妈妈刚过世是啊,你当然会帮他说话不会吧?你现在真的要提这件事?亚曼达,她走了我们再也不用假装处得来虽然我知道那件事你还在怪我我去看一下查理我当然怪你你背叛了她我得跟你说几遍?什么事也没发生全是你自己想像的萝伦能理解,你为何不能?我知道我看到了什么,你也知道你跟那女孩在工作室,以为没人看到天啊,你就不能放下吗?萝伦死了你真的要继续摧毁我们的生活吗?你以为是我毁了你的生活?那当然你差点毁了我的婚姻让我们的事业跌到谷底拆散我们的家庭,让查理重染恶习当情况恶化时,你就抛下你姊对,我认为你毁了我们的生活我只是…亚曼达,我累了我刚失去我唯一爱过的人我没有力气继续跟你吵如果你认为我有外遇才能把我妖魔化随便你只是…换个地方吧我们家不需要你再破坏了你为何对毒物化验报告这么感兴趣?我今天在丧礼上遇到乔许史东他说你急著想知道结果你想暗示什么?我想知道我太太的死因这件事不合理我想知道答案得到解脱我以为你最能理解(愿萝伦柏区安息)(柏区泉家庭健康中心)查理查理好了抱歉让你看到我这个样子没关系,别这么想好吗?她会很讨厌今天的我不,她不会的她会很担心你但她还是会爱你她一直都很爱你以后也会我太失败了 不,别这么说我们都有各自的弱点,好吗?你经历了很多事我们会克服的好吗?这只是你表达悲伤的方式你知道吗?伊恩悲伤的时候会对别人大吼大叫我的意思是…这我能理解真希望我能对别人大吼大叫但玛雅?我想我不能期望她跟我们一样难过但她今天在网站上贴了一则奇怪讯息然后连结到主页实在太奇怪了好像利用萝伦的死来提高知名度我…睡吧查理,晚安我们可以克服这个难关,我保证玛雅,你吓坏我了对不起我不想打扰你们你站在这里多久了?没有很久亚曼达,我无法想像你有多煎熬萝伦就像我的家人,而你是她的妹妹我真的很遗憾谢谢有任何需要尽管告诉我无论你做什么决定,我们都能理解萝伦走了,你不用到中心帮忙没关系伊恩和我会接管,让你有自己的空间谢谢你但我不打算离开不会再离开了真的?我得确定有人照顾查理也得知道真相什么真相?我姊真正的死因我不相信她心脏衰竭有些地方说不通除非知道真相,否则我不会离开太棒了如果你想帮忙继续经营萝伦的事业我们很欢迎好的 好的晚安 晚安(柏区泉家庭健康中心)早上很忙? 亚曼达玛雅说你今天可能会过来我想说我在这里可以帮忙留意一些事这是萝伦想要的我想谁想要什么都不重要了一点也不重要希望我没毁了你的一天亚曼达你好 你来了对这表示你要留下来帮我们?对需要什么尽管说,这是为了萝伦好极了我想她一定在天堂对你微笑第一天目前为止算很不错吧?比预期中好多了我本来担心歇业一周会失去一些学员大家真的很想支持萝伦消息还是传了出去是啊,她死后还是能凝聚大家很不可思议吧?你还好吗?还好,只是…抱歉,我…这种悲剧下传出好消息似乎不太对我知道但本来就会有很棒的结果,对吧?你们两个人投入了这么多心血但不只如此重点在于钱和… 钱?对,萝伦的人寿保险能用来偿还贷款并加速扩展健康中心我不知道这是伊恩说的伊恩说的?对,请别告诉他是我说的要他开口谈这件事已经够难的了对不起我不该跟你发牢骚的不,没关系我很乐意听你说谢谢我得走了,下一堂课十分钟后开始所以…我是史东 乔许你好,我是亚曼达亚曼达 你有空喝杯咖啡吗?好做我这一行的,要妄自下结论很简单相信我,这样毫无帮助除非我是对的亚曼达我们尚未查到凶杀的可能还不确定无法指控谁谋杀 有人有动机你真的觉得那些保险金足以让伊恩杀死他太太?当然,如果他不是真正爱她的话亚曼达,萝伦说过你以为发生什么事你指控伊恩外遇,让这个家四分五裂萝伦不相信我觉得她是对的所以伊恩没有杀人动机你还好吗?萝伦相信伊恩不相信我,让我很难过现在我觉得更难过了要再来两杯吗?好,麻烦你了 很好我很高兴你打给我虽然你本来是想出卖姊姊的老公没想到你竟然没问毒物化验报告的事我以为这是你找我的原因什么意思?他们没告诉你?我早上把报告拿去健康中心了不,没人告诉我,报告怎么说?实验室在萝伦血液里找到某种物质可能导致她心脏衰竭什么?你有听过秋水仙硷吗?没有我这么做是为了帮朋友为了萝伦这不是在调查,好吗?好 好的好的所以…秋水仙硷是一种天然药物完全合法"通常做成白色粉末状药片""用来治疗发炎,痛风""和家族性地中海热"根据维基百科,这种病真的存在萝伦可能服用这种药来治疗上述症状但用错剂量了因为服用过量会致命等一下,这是萝伦最爱的花她种在她家的花园里没错也是秋水仙硷的来源让人更加相信她开药给自己吃也许她的死只是意外但萝伦没那么鲁莽这是我们目前唯一的推论不,就我听来,有人可能毒害我姊警方却完全不列入考虑亚曼达,只有这点证明不了任何事我保证只要出现任何疑点我就会通知你,好吗?亚曼达,别这样查理查理查理查理查理查理天啊,谢天谢地怎么回事?谢天谢地,我过来看你看到你躺在这里,我以为你…天啊 我很好不,查理你才不好你在做什么?放轻松,只是几片药丸,你不是我妈亲爱的你有空吗?有没事吧?没事,谢谢,怎么了?我刚遇到查理可以聊一下吗?当然可以我很久没看到他的状况这么糟了他甚至还得打给他的戒毒互助对象你之前看过查理毒瘾复发吗?这种程度只看过一次在我们刚认识时但那是三年前的事了我离开的时候似乎只要我在这里查理的状况都会恶化不,别这么说这是查理的错,跟任何人无关你不能把他的毒瘾怪到自己头上萝伦也会这么说我稍早之前跟史东警探谈过他说他早上拿毒品化验报告去中心?对,他交给伊恩,有任何发现吗?他说萝伦体内有某种东西一种叫秋水仙硷的药物用来治疗发炎但服用过量会致命他认为她吃了这种药?这是他们的推论这种药来自她种的那些花她不知为何服用过量证据显示这是个意外但你不相信萝伦对摄取到体内的东西一直很谨慎我无法想像她会这么鲁莽什么意思?你觉得是别人下药?我不知道不过…我怀疑那些药可能是别人给她的你该不会以为是查理…我不觉得查理会蓄意伤害她我不是这个意思,只是… 对我之前看到他时他失魂落魄又困惑如果他在她死前毒瘾复发但我们都没发现呢?要是他不小心把药搞混了,而萝伦…这想法很扯吗? 不会这就能解释为何他复发情形如此严重健康中心有样东西我想让你看看我和查理刚开始约会时我有几次发现他站在柜台的电脑前我没想太多,但开始来这里工作后我终于知道是怎么回事了他利用公司帐户来买药主要是萝伦可能会买的镇痛剂之类的但并非所有药物都说得通天啊,查理也许最近有一笔订单我们可以查一下订购纪录(订购纪录)看起来最近的确订了一些镇痛剂还有…天啊,不(秋水仙硷)不等一下,但这可能是任何人订的吧?不见得是查理对,我们可以查看监视器看他有没有用电脑这里有摄影机?几年前有人闯进来后,萝伦就安装了没错,史东有提过这件事可以调出画面吗? 可以好了,这是下订单的那天我们可以快转(2月18日,4号摄影机)看起来不妙你要告诉警探吗?我不知道我最不想伤害的就是查理但如果这是事实我也别无选择是啊我本来不知道你有这么鄙视我的家人我跟玛雅谈过了她告诉我你对查理的疑虑相信我我最不想做的就是伤害查理相信你?亚曼达,我认识你以来我只能确信你会摧毁我在乎的一切我可以理解你怪我但查理?我从没想过你会把矛头指向他说话啊好你吓不了我的我不想怪查理,但我得知道真相是你摧毁你在乎的一切,不是我亚曼达,你给我听好了如果你继续调查如果你把你的想法告诉警探这会毁了他我已经说了不管接下来发生什么事你肯定会内疚的我会跟著你如果你敢坠落我会跟著你试图拯救唯一的事物只有一根绳子拉著我吸气吐气我会跟著你再吸一口气然后吐气 我会跟著你只要你敢闭上眼睛想像找个能让你感到舒适平静和快乐的地方脑中有清楚的画面吗?无论发生什么事都留在那里我会跟著你如果你敢坠落我会跟著你只要你敢继续呼吸我会跟著你如果你敢坠落我会跟著你只要你敢,但我不相信我会跟著你你…让平静的波浪流过全身让其他事物就此消失你…很好史东警探怎么回事?查理他…他出了意外他还活著,但状况不太乐观我知道(医疗中心)天啊查理查理,是我,爸爸他怎么了?为什么没有反应?他陷入昏迷坠落山谷和体内毒品造成太大的伤害医生不确定他能否醒过来他们说他在手臂注射某种高剂量药物可能是吗啡他们不知道是意外还是…天啊,查理警方怎么说?萝伦的事他们认为… 我不知道史东希望留一点时间给我们和查理我想跟我儿子待在一起只有我跟他不,我不会离开他的亚曼达,你走吧你做的够多了好吧,如果你需要我们 走吧查理查理再吸一口气然后吐气感觉压力消失了让一切脱离意识主导专注于呼吸和心跳让思绪集中在此时此刻我不懂那是什么意思那些是秋水仙硷药片跟萝伦体内的一样我们在查理车上的座椅底下找到的你看这个信封对,这是健康中心的药物供应商查理就是跟他们订药的所以呢?查理要为萝伦的死负责?有可能,无论直接或间接他和萝伦的死显然有关如果他能醒来 他醒来时抱歉,他醒来时,我得盘问他他现在是可疑分子你不会是指查理要为他妈妈的死负责吧?亚曼达 不,查理会醒来他醒来时会提供一个解释你就知道这一切只是个误会好,我不想妄下定论只是得追查所有线索和可能性好的好的谢谢你还有什么我们能做的吗?现在你们只要互相陪伴支持查理和伊恩我知道很难熬,但查理需要一些时间想办法处理,设法得到一些平静谢谢我知道糟透了今天我们要冥想,练习放下找到内在的平静吸气吐气让平静的波浪从你身上流过感觉压力消失不见(柏区泉家庭健康中心)让一切脱离意识主导让平静的波浪流过全身让其他事物就此消失很好专注于呼吸,心跳让思绪集中在此时此刻(观看次数)让一切脱离意识主导让平静的波浪流过全身让其他事物就此消失玛雅你还好吗?还好只是刚好心情不好你想谈一谈吗?我看到你跟伊恩在一起他有做什么不恰当的事吗?没有没有我们两个人都很脆弱我想他只是陷入当下的情绪而已你确定?有需要的话,我可以去找他谈拜托不要这一切已经让他够难过了听我说,我知道你们不喜欢对方但伊恩是个好人他只想寻求一点慰藉,你不能责怪他好吗? 好但如果你想谈谈,尽管告诉我好吗? 我会的谢谢我保证,没什么好担心的好我去开史东警探,你好 你好请进 好你们好 你好晚安,抱歉打扰你们吃晚餐不,没关系有何贵干?我有好消息想亲自过来告诉你们查理醒了他还好吗?医生说他的状况稳定他还无法说话,但他们觉得应该快了好极了,谢天谢地我们可以去看他吗?他还没完全清醒但他们说明天就可以见访客了这个案子目前进度如何?我们还是得讯问他如果他明天能开口,我会帮他做笔录他仍是目前最有机会的线索那就不打扰你们用餐了谢谢我送你出去病危呼救,六号病床好消息是及时抢救但差点来不及不,这不合理怎么会发生这种事?用药疏失这么严重的机率微乎其微所以…你是说有人趁他睡著时溜进去杀他?我知道听起来很疯狂不 什么…我不觉得听起来很疯狂我们派了位警官守在他的病房外现在起只有得到授权的人才能进去那家人呢?很抱歉我不能让你们见他查理被攻击的方式几乎跟他母亲一样我唯一能得到的结论就是攻击查理的人跟萝伦的死有关现在此案列为谋杀案好,那现在要做什么?你们三位是跟查理和萝伦最亲近的人你们得接受侦讯你在说什么?我们是嫌犯?对目前的嫌犯只有你们但在那之前我要先去看一下查理谢谢(医疗中心)警探?你好怎么了? 查理你感觉如何?跟我看起来差不多怎么了? 希望你能提供线索你现在可以说话吗?可以我不知道我能帮上什么忙你昏迷快一个礼拜了等一下,什么?其他人呢?他们知道我没事吗? 知道玛雅,亚曼达和你爸每天都会过来几乎寸步不离今天不在是因为我要他们离开为什么?因为我得问你几个问题而且…你在昏迷期间有人闯进来把吗啡灌入静脉注射器里剂量足以杀死你查理,我要你回想一下事发当晚当时只有你自己一个人吗?我不知道我记得我出去喝酒请你尽量回想这很重要我记得某件事某人抓著我,然后我的手臂很痛是因为药物吗? 什么?医生发现你体内有镇痛剂不我那天晚上没服药我想要,我跑出去找但…找不到你是说有人对你下药?我想不起来了那秋水仙硷药片呢?我们在你车上找到秋水仙硷是什么?我看到你盯著她的样子所以你承认了我只是想感受…悲伤以外的其他情绪但并没有让我好过一点只是让我更有…罪恶感我能感受到的只剩悲伤和罪恶感你真的希望我会同情你?她是查理的女朋友如果查理发现了 我知道我知道想到查理躺在医院里就让我痛不欲生亚曼达,我累了我厌倦了争吵厌倦了谎言我只希望一切快点结束你希望结束什么?你是对的几年前那件事我背著萝伦偷吃那是个愚蠢的错误我无法告诉她我每天都后悔不已现在她…她走了我太懦弱了,不敢告诉她不敢跟她说我有多抱歉不敢说罪恶感如何吞噬我的内心无论你怎么想,我真的很爱她我对她的爱胜过一切我无意伤害她你要去哪里?伊恩我是史东 乔许,我是亚曼达你现在可以说话吗? 可以我正要打给你我刚跟查理聊过,发现一件有趣的事绝对比不上刚才伊恩跟我说的话他承认他外遇 什么?应该让你看他的样子,他说那些话时感觉就像…好像在招供一样我现在要去健康中心我们约在那里?健康中心?好,但我… 好快过去我不能再这样下去了否则我会再也无法面对自己我懂你照我们讨论的做了?对我…我跟她说了我们的事还有我背叛了萝伦我全都说了我真为你感到骄傲我知道这么做不容易但你不用再背负罪恶感了就像萝伦常说的和谐始于内在所以…你来了 对怎么回事?帮我到伊恩办公室里找个东西什么? 稍后再解释我需要搜索令才能搜查这间公司算是你的吗?严格来说我拥有一半你同意我搜查这里吗?(办公室)我们要找什么?查理说发生意外当晚他被人攻击通常我不会完全采信但他在医院里也受到攻击所以这个说法有点可信怎么回事?有人对他下药,把他推下山脊你觉得是他爸做的?更离奇的事都发生过听到你说他外遇的事我觉得这动机至少足以让我们追查他只要找到跟查理意外有关的东西这是…看来找到凶器了你看 秋水仙硷抱歉,看来你对伊恩的怀疑是对的我是史东知道了你家传出两声枪响快走 什么?(办公室)待在车上,锁上车门有人在那里吗?有人吗?有人在那里吗?玛雅,你在那里做什么?是伊恩…他朝我开枪我们在小屋里聊天聊到一半,他掏出一把枪他… 好,你没事吧?我没事伊恩在哪里? 我不知道我拿了球棒把他打昏就逃走了 好是亚曼达吗?你没事吧? 没事他在里面 好伊恩他…不,他还活著怎么了? 放轻松别挣扎 怎么回事?你被逮捕了什么? 你用致命武器攻击企图谋杀你儿子,可能还杀了你太太这太扯了我不知道怎么回事但我没伤害任何人 走吧玛雅,告诉他伊恩,对不起,你需要协助亚曼达?请你把他带走 什么?不不,你搞错了亚曼达,玛雅都结束了(医疗中心)看到你坐著实在太棒了感觉也很棒我从没想过我会这么急著想下床是吗?你还是觉得你明天就可以回家了?医生是这么说的但我不确定听了你说的事之后家的感觉还剩多少查理,很遗憾他做了那些事实在难以置信我知道我还在试图厘清这一切他为什么要杀了她?只是为了保险金?加上他跟我妈之间的问题我还是不敢相信他告诉你外遇的事我也不相信经过了这么久你觉得有帮凶吗?我不知道我觉得有可能我没跟我妈说过,但…我爸的事我一直相信你真的? 对我只是不愿承认你记得几年前健康中心被人破坏吗?怎么了? 我觉得不是抢劫是我爸甩了一个女生,她把东西拿走你为什么跟我说这件事?因为…我很抱歉也许我说出来,事情就不会变成这样我妈可能还活著听我说别怪自己犯错的人只有伊恩好吗?好重要的是你要回家了我们会一起撑过这一关我们是一家人好吗? 好那晚过后,我们一直没机会聊聊是啊对不起给你我得填一堆文件解释来龙去脉我相信你还好吗?好一点了但还是很震惊你呢?伊恩的情况如何?还是很好斗不断提出各种理由来否认一切但证据让他百口莫辩我知道 相信我他会离开很长一段时间你们可以不用担心听说查理要回家了是啊我早上刚去看他他们说他明天就能出院了他能回家一定很棒很高兴能让一切恢复正常尽可能恢复正常健康中心状况如何?暂时关闭几周,让我们想清楚下一步玛雅一直说我该接手而不是卖掉让她留下来当员工我猜的 我也这么觉得只是…我没想过要接管我爸妈的健康中心萝伦的健康中心你的健康中心无论如何我都觉得你应该留下来有人在那里吗?(全系列健康产品)(准备结帐,按这里看购物车)亚曼达阿姨查理抱歉这么晚打给你如果不方便说话 不,没关系我明天就要出院了,护士不再盯著我没事吧? 没事一切都好我只是想问个问题我想厘清一件事 好订秋水仙硷那天你在电脑前面我看过监视器画面好如果你没有订药,为何要在电脑前?我保证不是要指控你做了什么事我只是想厘清这一切不,没关系我懂,但我真的不记得了好,请你试著回想那应该是重新开幕前几天记得你妈找我合夥那晚吗?订单是隔天下的等一下是我妈开始觉得想吐那晚玛雅在照顾她她叫我去看电脑上的时间表什么?玛雅叫你去用电脑?对,怎么了?喂?亚曼达阿姨?太好了,你醒了什么…玛雅,你为何这么做?我不想这么做这一切本来都不该发生不该有人受伤不该有人丧命但你出现,摧毁了一切就像三年前一样是你伊恩外遇的对象是你对,本来没事的,但你告诉了萝伦伊恩就结束了这段关系所以你才杀了萝伦?因为伊恩跟你分手?不,我本来不想杀了她我只是来这里工作,想惹怒他他要我离开,但我爱上了查理天啊,萝伦对我很好特别照顾我她信任我,栽培我依赖我然后你出现了她就把公司的一半分给了你这不公平如果你这么在乎萝伦,为何杀了她?我不是要杀死她只是想让她生病在她康复期间帮她管理公司让她看到该留下的人是我不是你不只是萝伦你还伤害查理诬陷伊恩,对吧?把药放在他的办公室里?你让我别无选择萝伦为你做了这一切她大发慈悲试图帮你,但你…你却杀了她,摧毁她所在乎的一切这都是因为你是你害的你一直要警探来调查我不要为了一个愚蠢的错误失去一切,在牢里度过余生你懂吗?你是个怪物 不很可惜只有你这么觉得不不无论如何我真的很抱歉玛雅,求求你你不需要这么做不,我非做不可但你别担心我会照顾查理继续经营萝伦留下来的健康中心闭上眼睛想像找个能让你感到舒适的地方让平静的波浪流过全身让其他事物就此消失很好你来了 你好新老师如何?她很好她不是萝伦,但有谁跟她一样呢?查理,谢谢你的帮忙没有你,我根本无法经营这里我乐在其中这里的视野也不赖你得继续练习保持内心平静,好吗?你好你好我想跟你道歉,我这么对待你还有我做过的事我也很抱歉竟然以为是你干的我只想继续前进我还没原谅你跟玛雅之间的事不过我不想再生气了我也是我想试试看我也是儿子你要跟查理说伊恩和玛雅的事吗?不了我之前说过,结果让这个家四分五裂他永远没机会请求萝伦的原谅现在他可以请求查理的原谅所以…你决定要留下来了吗?看起来是这样没错我要跟伊恩和查理一起经营这里全新的开始我觉得萝伦会以你为荣的是啊感受平静感受周遭的空气(2019年3月30日上传)抛开过去(观看次数)未来尚未到来只要专注于当下保持呼吸和平静抛开周遭事物抛开有形的一切让自己保持平静让过去退散活在当下很好谢谢观赏翻译:SDI Media吸氣吐氣讓平靜的波浪從你身上流過感覺壓力消失了讓一切脫離意識主導專注於呼吸和心跳讓思緒集中在此時此刻讓其他事物就此消失致命門徒(港譯:致命門徒)雙手在心臟前合十手往另一邊延伸(主演:珍奈特索沙)戰士式(主演:布蕾妮希爾)(主演:基南崔西)戰士二式手往後方延伸,就是這樣盡量往後方延伸再繼續延伸往兩側伸展前半側出力往前彎起身,你可以跳起來或站起來吸氣你的心臟在跳動吐氣回到中央雙手在心臟前合十感覺身體在震動身心靈合一你們都在這裡在你的身體裡且充滿力量謝謝大家今天早上的參與願你們平靜地度過今天希望我們練習的成果能讓所有人受惠我尊崇你們內在的光(導演:戴芬祖尼加)謝謝 謝謝我尊崇你內在的光謝謝 謝謝太棒了 好的冷靜點,老師面前的紅人你只是在氣你自己跟不上進度開什麼玩笑?好幾個姿勢我都很拿手嬰兒式不算你們覺得課上得如何?一如往常般完美那是你這麼覺得而已不知道查理有什麼感想我?一如往常般輕鬆地征服好吧是我被征服了沒錯,親愛的,所以才會叫做練習別擔心,很快就能讓你的身體淨化媽,謝謝滿身大汗,要走了嗎?對,謝謝你 好的不客氣,再見再吸一口氣然後吐氣放手不需任何力氣,只要放手就好對你來說或許可以謝謝 你今天在家下週見 再見好亞曼達阿姨你好 查理真高興見到你 你好嗎?你看看你真不敢相信你來了你好 真高興見到你我也是我也很高興見到你秋水仙是要給我的嗎?我認識的人裡面只有你喜歡秋水仙真漂亮我先沖個澡,我整個早上都在教課快請進參觀一下天啊,她把這裡徹底翻修了是啊,你也知道我媽這週末盛大開幕,一切得完美無瑕她想讓這個地方重生這是她說的 對說到重生,你完全變了個樣子謝謝我上次看到你時,你…沒關係,我知道,你可以說出來我那時候毒癮復發但到下週我就戒癮滿三年了太好了 謝謝我以為你榮 謝謝這都要感謝我媽我回來之後,她一直盯著我她和瑪雅瑪雅?我媽的助手,得意門生和精神繼任者她和我媽互為陰陽她是我女友那就是她她的筋看起來很軟她上我媽的課好幾年了從她在這裡工作之前所以我們才會認識她超棒的,來吧她聰明又幽默她協助我媽翻修這個地方過來,我介紹你們認識瑪雅…瑪雅天啊,查理,你差點害我心臟病發我忍不住我的錯,是我鼓勵他幼稚衝動的行為我是亞曼達,蘿倫的妹妹天啊,你怎麼不早說?對不起,我太興奮了蘿倫很常提到你紐約的社群媒體顧問,對吧?我在紐約才待了幾年,但就是我沒錯我跟我那熱愛大自然的姊姊幾乎完全相反沒關係,我不會因此討厭你我的玩笑開得不好你的姊姊是我的英雄瑪雅只差一張限制令就成了真正的跟蹤狂真高興你能來參加這次重新開幕我知道蘿倫很期待你能來我不會錯過的太好了,你會在這待多久?還不確定,我剛完成一場活動我想先休息,再準備下次的工作轉租曼哈頓公寓的容易程度會讓你們驚訝不已看起來你們忙了很久我幾乎認不出這個地方了我知道,你相信這是同一棟房子嗎?你爸媽的健康中心是很棒的基礎加上蘿倫的願景完全實現了這一切我明白你離開三年有很多要消化吸收的,但…怎麼了?我說錯話了? 不,沒什麼沒關係好的我們去找我媽吧?讓你好好參觀一下好主意 好我不是故意惹她不開心不,別擔心,只是這話題比較敏感好 沒事好的 好嗎?伊恩?亞曼達能見到你太棒了蘿倫一直提到你歡迎來到我們擴展中的家族事業孩子們 爸你有看到媽嗎?我們想帶亞曼達參觀這裡沒有,但我先不打擾你們了晚餐家裡見?到了,溫暖的家你翻修了房子生意一定很好一定會的,只是得先付貸款別擔心,我們不只要補足差額還有遠大的計畫來吧記得這個房間嗎?就連我原本的房間也改造過了這麼快就轉送我之前送你的那盆花?我想說這樣應該不錯那時候單純多了你搬走後,我們覺得你的房間不能只是用來累積灰塵現在這裡不只是客房也是度假小屋但查理正式接管了瑪雅也搬進來了聽我說,亞曼達如果你想暫時離開東岸喘口氣謝謝你真的就算只是在這裡待一會兒聽起來都很棒那為何不留下?你遠端工作,不用橫越整個國家回家吧我不知道這是不是最好的主意經過這麼多年你還在生他的氣?蘿倫我知道你不相信我你不想覺得他有外遇我寧可我是錯的但我知道我看到了什麼而且…我永遠不會原諒伊恩你考慮一下我邀請你回來不是只為了重新開幕來吧,我要讓你看個東西跟我來我一直在學習植物的療癒特性你一直都很喜歡花很多植物都有藥效,是大自然的藥局我很想你我想再給我們彼此一次機會我們以前很親近你的人生都在這裡度過只因為不如意的幾年就要拋棄這一切嗎?我也很想你那就拜託你回來吧讓我們一家人重聚你要種下最後一朵嗎?嚇到了吧 瑪雅這不好笑 明明就很好笑這是你之前嚇我的回禮怎麼了?你可以嚇人不能被嚇? 好吧好多了嗎?那就好我得換裝準備吃晚餐 什麼?那我該怎麼辦?你可以開始換衣服這跟我以為的完全相反我注意到亞曼達回來後氣氛變得有點緊張是啊我本來希望她和我爸之間的事已經平息了 但事與願違根據你的說法,我無法怪她她還在氣他做的事嗎?她以為他做的事對 她沒能找到證據我媽一直都不相信她說的那你呢?我不知道我爸很有魅力,但背叛我媽,這…無論亞曼達阿姨覺得他做了什麼都足以迫使她離開這裡我希望我們可以放下一切,重新開始我也是我只是不想看到你或蘿倫再次受到傷害可以確定一件事晚餐一定會很尷尬 超級尷尬所以你最好快去換衣服好吧我不會反抗一個拿著球棒的女士亞曼達,你喜歡豆腐嗎?這是豆腐?很棒,很有… 嚼勁?住口這是瑪雅的食譜,她一直幫我們做飯還有幫忙其他事是啊,瑪雅是上帝賜給我們的我要宣布一件事我們都知道幾天後要重新開幕這是健康中心的一大進展幾乎像重生一樣我們大幅擴展除了提供新的服務和設施之外瑪雅和我一直在處理我的品牌接觸更多健康中心以外的人增加我在社群媒體上的曝光率亞曼達,這是你的專業既然你現在手上沒有別的客戶我想正式邀請你成為我的合夥人等一下,什麼? 真的?太好了,這樣你就可以搬回來了我知道這是蠻大的要求但爸媽一直都希望這是家族事業他們把它留給我們兩個人蘿倫,這件事不是該私下討論嗎?還有其他利害關係人他們應該有發言權我不是針對你我們都知道這裡發生了很多事但我想改變,做正確的事你們兩個人不用擔心我還是需要你們,這點不會改變這是你的決定不,這是我們的決定爸,這是一件好事查理,你別管 查理你知道上次亞曼達在時發生了什麼事好嗎? 夠了這是我的事業是我打造的是我在沒人想要的時候接手經營這件事我只在乎我和我妹的意見好好沒關係亞曼達,你不用馬上給我答案你想考慮多久都可以但你只要記得這裡永遠都是你家若你能回來的話,我會非常高興好我會考慮那就好我先告退我只是不懂你為什麼不先跟我討論她回來待一週是一回事但要真的住下來?擁有事業一半的經營權?我想導正一切,她是我妹值得擁有這些 我不管她是誰你從不跟我討論我就知道回來是錯的你一直不贊同我的想法 聽著別這麼說這重要嗎? 我很高興你回來我不說了 查理,謝謝天啊拍拍屁股就走 瑪雅,真抱歉查理一定跟你說了我們家之前的風波對,他說了他們爭吵的樣子就像你從未離開過對不起我不是有意的只是我和蘿倫這幾個月以來合作愉快她沒提過這件事讓我有點難過僅此而已沒關係我懂我最好準備上床睡覺了這…明天是個大日子所以… 對好主意你要睡了嗎? 不我晚點再睡泡個香草茶給蘿倫喝,讓她放鬆一下我知道她看起來沒事但明天的重新開幕讓她很緊張謝謝你照顧她 對別這麼說我能做的只有這樣沒有她我早就迷失了晚安好吧,等下見好(盛大重新開幕就在今日)沒事吧?蘿倫…把時間抓得太趕了她五分鐘後就要演講了你有看到我媽嗎? 你好她還沒回來? 沒有我上次看到她時,她說有點想吐但那是半小時前的事她說她這幾天一直不太舒服我想重新開幕的事讓她有點緊張我去廁所看一下好 我跟你一起去我再端一盤出去,盡量拖延時間好 蕾貝卡,謝謝你天啊,你沒事吧?沒事,應該只是緊張而已你不想的話就別做了亞曼達說得對,我們可以延期我也可以幫你發表演說我陪你準備時,幾乎都記下來了不了,謝謝你我沒事這是我們努力的心血我非做不可相信我,我沒事,我可以的走吧(廁所)大家早安謝謝你們今天過來支持我們我很榮幸能為各位介紹這一切的推手你們都認識和喜愛的瑜珈大師掌聲歡迎蘿倫柏區博士瑪雅,謝謝你很多人知道瑪雅是這裡的支柱之一沒有她就無法重新開幕我爸媽成立柏區泉家庭健康中心時只有一個很簡單的使命你沒事吧?沒事抱歉,我最近剛從喝咖啡換成喝茶我的大腦還沒原諒我他們想要提供這個社區一個療癒中心一個舒適且充滿歡樂的地方這也是我一直以來努力實踐的…蘿倫,你還好嗎? 媽蘿倫…媽 蘿倫蘿倫 蘿倫你還好嗎? 蘿倫蘿倫,你沒事吧? 媽蘿倫快叫救護車媽 蘿倫蘿倫…我們都會記得她的溫暖幽默感和愛心她的精神會永存她所打造的健康中心證明了…她是什麼樣的人她的使命是療癒他人蘿倫關心別人的健康和個人成長幾乎超過在乎她自己我愛的就是她這種憐憫心我們都愛她這一點她讓我的內心留下一個洞她會希望我們的傷口能癒合現在我迫切需要療癒我想我們都是謝謝你們今天來參加蘿倫的追思會她會很感動的亞曼達,我很遺憾喬許?喬許史東?我們很久沒見了,從… 高中對你還好嗎?整整哭了一週我覺得我的眼淚都流乾了這個嘛以防萬一太奇怪了蘿倫是我認識的人裡面最健康的一位她就這樣倒下了因為心臟衰竭?我知道這不合理你最後一次見到蘿倫是什麼時候?抱歉,我不想要這麼失禮只是沒想到我高中男友會來參加喪禮蘿倫和我幾年前重新聯絡上是嗎?對,有人闖入健康中心,蓄意破壞她來警局做筆錄,我在那裡遇到她警局?你是警察?其實是警探重案組不打擾你了我只是表達哀悼之意有什麼我能幫上忙的就算只是聊聊也行儘管打給我喬許,謝謝你對了,你可以幫個忙嗎?跟伊恩說毒物化驗報告還需要幾天毒物化驗報告?對,屍檢沒能提供心臟衰竭外的資訊所以實驗室進行了毒物化驗這是處理這種案件的標準流程有助於確認死因或許能查出體內是否有任何汙染物伊恩急著想知道結果沒問題,我會轉告他好謝謝很遺憾你失去了親人謝謝 不客氣謝謝 謝謝你邀請我來,保重謝謝太糟了查理的表現糟透了戒癮三年就這樣沒了你還想怎樣?他還在戒癮,他媽媽剛過世是啊,你當然會幫他說話不會吧?你現在真的要提這件事?亞曼達,她走了我們再也不用假裝處得來雖然我知道那件事你還在怪我我去看一下查理我當然怪你你背叛了她我得跟你說幾遍?什麼事也沒發生全是你自己想像的蘿倫能理解,你為何不能?我知道我看到了什麼,你也知道你跟那女孩在工作室,以為沒人看到天啊,你就不能放下嗎?蘿倫死了你真的要繼續摧毀我們的生活嗎?你以為是我毀了你的生活?那當然你差點毀了我的婚姻讓我們的事業跌到谷底拆散我們的家庭,讓查理重染惡習當情況惡化時,你就拋下你姊對,我認為你毀了我們的生活我只是…亞曼達,我累了我剛失去我唯一愛過的人我沒有力氣繼續跟你吵如果你認為我有外遇才能把我妖魔化隨便你只是…換個地方吧我們家不需要你再破壞了你為何對毒物化驗報告這麼感興趣?我今天在喪禮上遇到喬許史東他說你急著想知道結果你想暗示什麼?我想知道我太太的死因這件事不合理我想知道答案得到解脫我以為你最能理解(願蘿倫柏區安息)(柏區泉家庭健康中心)查理查理好了抱歉讓你看到我這個樣子沒關係,別這麼想好嗎?她會很討厭今天的我不,她不會的她會很擔心你但她還是會愛你她一直都很愛你以後也會我太失敗了 不,別這麼說我們都有各自的弱點,好嗎?你經歷了很多事我們會克服的好嗎?這只是你表達悲傷的方式你知道嗎?伊恩悲傷的時候會對別人大吼大叫我的意思是…這我能理解真希望我能對別人大吼大叫但瑪雅?我想我不能期望她跟我們一樣難過但她今天在網站上貼了一則奇怪訊息然後連結到主頁實在太奇怪了好像利用蘿倫的死來提高知名度我…睡吧查理,晚安我們可以克服這個難關,我保證瑪雅,你嚇壞我了對不起我不想打擾你們你站在這裡多久了?沒有很久亞曼達,我無法想像你有多煎熬蘿倫就像我的家人,而你是她的妹妹我真的很遺憾謝謝有任何需要儘管告訴我無論你做什麼決定,我們都能理解蘿倫走了,你不用到中心幫忙沒關係伊恩和我會接管,讓你有自己的空間謝謝你但我不打算離開不會再離開了真的?我得確定有人照顧查理也得知道真相什麼真相?我姊真正的死因我不相信她心臟衰竭有些地方說不通除非知道真相,否則我不會離開太棒了如果你想幫忙繼續經營蘿倫的事業我們很歡迎好的 好的晚安 晚安(柏區泉家庭健康中心)早上很忙? 亞曼達瑪雅說你今天可能會過來我想說我在這裡可以幫忙留意一些事這是蘿倫想要的我想誰想要什麼都不重要了一點也不重要希望我沒毀了你的一天亞曼達你好 你來了對這表示你要留下來幫我們?對需要什麼儘管說,這是為了蘿倫好極了我想她一定在天堂對你微笑第一天目前為止算很不錯吧?比預期中好多了我本來擔心歇業一週會失去一些學員大家真的很想支持蘿倫消息還是傳了出去是啊,她死後還是能凝聚大家很不可思議吧?你還好嗎?還好,只是…抱歉,我…這種悲劇下傳出好消息似乎不太對我知道但本來就會有很棒的結果,對吧?你們兩個人投入了這麼多心血但不只如此重點在於錢和… 錢?對,蘿倫的人壽保險能用來償還貸款並加速擴展健康中心我不知道這是伊恩說的伊恩說的?對,請別告訴他是我說的要他開口談這件事已經夠難的了對不起我不該跟你發牢騷的不,沒關係我很樂意聽你說謝謝我得走了,下一堂課十分鐘後開始所以…我是史東 喬許你好,我是亞曼達亞曼達 你有空喝杯咖啡嗎?好做我這一行的,要妄自下結論很簡單相信我,這樣毫無幫助除非我是對的亞曼達我們尚未查到兇殺的可能還不確定無法指控誰謀殺 有人有動機你真的覺得那些保險金足以讓伊恩殺死他太太?當然,如果他不是真正愛她的話亞曼達,蘿倫說過你以為發生什麼事你指控伊恩外遇,讓這個家四分五裂蘿倫不相信我覺得她是對的所以伊恩沒有殺人動機你還好嗎?蘿倫相信伊恩不相信我,讓我很難過現在我覺得更難過了要再來兩杯嗎?好,麻煩你了 很好我很高興你打給我雖然你本來是想出賣姊姊的老公沒想到你竟然沒問毒物化驗報告的事我以為這是你找我的原因什麼意思?他們沒告訴你?我早上把報告拿去健康中心了不,沒人告訴我,報告怎麼說?實驗室在蘿倫血液裡找到某種物質可能導致她心臟衰竭什麼?你有聽過秋水仙鹼嗎?沒有我這麼做是為了幫朋友為了蘿倫這不是在調查,好嗎?好 好的好的所以…秋水仙鹼是一種天然藥物完全合法"通常做成白色粉末狀藥片""用來治療發炎,痛風""和家族性地中海熱"根據維基百科,這種病真的存在蘿倫可能服用這種藥來治療上述症狀但用錯劑量了因為服用過量會致命等一下,這是蘿倫最愛的花她種在她家的花園裡沒錯也是秋水仙鹼的來源讓人更加相信她開藥給自己吃也許她的死只是意外但蘿倫沒那麼魯莽這是我們目前唯一的推論不,就我聽來,有人可能毒害我姊警方卻完全不列入考慮亞曼達,只有這點證明不了任何事我保證只要出現任何疑點我就會通知你,好嗎?亞曼達,別這樣查理查理查理查理查理查理天啊,謝天謝地怎麼回事?謝天謝地,我過來看你看到你躺在這裡,我以為你…天啊 我很好不,查理你才不好你在做什麼?放輕鬆,只是幾片藥丸,你不是我媽親愛的你有空嗎?有沒事吧?沒事,謝謝,怎麼了?我剛遇到查理可以聊一下嗎?當然可以我很久沒看到他的狀況這麼糟了他甚至還得打給他的戒毒互助對象你之前看過查理毒癮復發嗎?這種程度只看過一次在我們剛認識時但那是三年前的事了我離開的時候似乎只要我在這裡查理的狀況都會惡化不,別這麼說這是查理的錯,跟任何人無關你不能把他的毒癮怪到自己頭上蘿倫也會這麼說我稍早之前跟史東警探談過他說他早上拿毒品化驗報告去中心?對,他交給伊恩,有任何發現嗎?他說蘿倫體內有某種東西一種叫秋水仙鹼的藥物用來治療發炎但服用過量會致命他認為她吃了這種藥?這是他們的推論這種藥來自她種的那些花她不知為何服用過量證據顯示這是個意外但你不相信蘿倫對攝取到體內的東西一直很謹慎我無法想像她會這麼魯莽什麼意思?你覺得是別人下藥?我不知道不過…我懷疑那些藥可能是別人給她的你該不會以為是查理…我不覺得查理會蓄意傷害她我不是這個意思,只是… 對我之前看到他時他失魂落魄又困惑如果他在她死前毒癮復發但我們都沒發現呢?要是他不小心把藥搞混了,而蘿倫…這想法很扯嗎? 不會這就能解釋為何他復發情形如此嚴重健康中心有樣東西我想讓你看看我和查理剛開始約會時我有幾次發現他站在櫃檯的電腦前我沒想太多,但開始來這裡工作後我終於知道是怎麼回事了他利用公司帳戶來買藥主要是蘿倫可能會買的鎮痛劑之類的但並非所有藥物都說得通天啊,查理也許最近有一筆訂單我們可以查一下訂購紀錄(訂購紀錄)看起來最近的確訂了一些鎮痛劑還有…天啊,不(秋水仙鹼)不等一下,但這可能是任何人訂的吧?不見得是查理對,我們可以查看監視器看他有沒有用電腦這裡有攝影機?幾年前有人闖進來後,蘿倫就安裝了沒錯,史東有提過這件事可以調出畫面嗎? 可以好了,這是下訂單的那天我們可以快轉(2月18日,4號攝影機)看起來不妙你要告訴警探嗎?我不知道我最不想傷害的就是查理但如果這是事實我也別無選擇是啊我本來不知道你有這麼鄙視我的家人我跟瑪雅談過了她告訴我你對查理的疑慮相信我我最不想做的就是傷害查理相信你?亞曼達,我認識你以來我只能確信你會摧毀我在乎的一切我可以理解你怪我但查理?我從沒想過你會把矛頭指向他說話啊好你嚇不了我的我不想怪查理,但我得知道真相是你摧毀你在乎的一切,不是我亞曼達,你給我聽好了如果你繼續調查如果你把你的想法告訴警探這會毀了他我已經說了不管接下來發生什麼事你肯定會內疚的我會跟著你如果你敢墜落我會跟著你試圖拯救唯一的事物只有一根繩子拉著我吸氣吐氣我會跟著你再吸一口氣然後吐氣 我會跟著你只要你敢閉上眼睛想像找個能讓你感到舒適平靜和快樂的地方腦中有清楚的畫面嗎?無論發生什麼事都留在那裡我會跟著你如果你敢墜落我會跟著你只要你敢繼續呼吸我會跟著你如果你敢墜落我會跟著你只要你敢,但我不相信我會跟著你你…讓平靜的波浪流過全身讓其他事物就此消失你…很好史東警探怎麼回事?查理他…他出了意外他還活著,但狀況不太樂觀我知道(醫療中心)天啊查理查理,是我,爸爸他怎麼了?為什麼沒有反應?他陷入昏迷墜落山谷和體內毒品造成太大的傷害醫生不確定他能否醒過來他們說他在手臂注射某種高劑量藥物可能是嗎啡他們不知道是意外還是…天啊,查理警方怎麼說?蘿倫的事他們認為… 我不知道史東希望留一點時間給我們和查理我想跟我兒子待在一起只有我跟他不,我不會離開他的亞曼達,你走吧你做的夠多了好吧,如果你需要我們 走吧查理查理再吸一口氣然後吐氣感覺壓力消失了讓一切脫離意識主導專注於呼吸和心跳讓思緒集中在此時此刻我不懂那是什麼意思那些是秋水仙鹼藥片跟蘿倫體內的一樣我們在查理車上的座椅底下找到的你看這個信封對,這是健康中心的藥物供應商查理就是跟他們訂藥的所以呢?查理要為蘿倫的死負責?有可能,無論直接或間接他和蘿倫的死顯然有關如果他能醒來 他醒來時抱歉,他醒來時,我得盤問他他現在是可疑分子你不會是指查理要為他媽媽的死負責吧?亞曼達 不,查理會醒來他醒來時會提供一個解釋你就知道這一切只是個誤會好,我不想妄下定論只是得追查所有線索和可能性好的好的謝謝你還有什麼我們能做的嗎?現在你們只要互相陪伴支持查理和伊恩我知道很難熬,但查理需要一些時間想辦法處理,設法得到一些平靜謝謝我知道糟透了今天我們要冥想,練習放下找到內在的平靜吸氣吐氣讓平靜的波浪從你身上流過感覺壓力消失不見(柏區泉家庭健康中心)讓一切脫離意識主導讓平靜的波浪流過全身讓其他事物就此消失很好專注於呼吸,心跳讓思緒集中在此時此刻(觀看次數)讓一切脫離意識主導讓平靜的波浪流過全身讓其他事物就此消失瑪雅你還好嗎?還好只是剛好心情不好你想談一談嗎?我看到你跟伊恩在一起他有做什麼不恰當的事嗎?沒有沒有我們兩個人都很脆弱我想他只是陷入當下的情緒而已你確定?有需要的話,我可以去找他談拜託不要這一切已經讓他夠難過了聽我說,我知道你們不喜歡對方但伊恩是個好人他只想尋求一點慰藉,你不能責怪他好嗎? 好但如果你想談談,儘管告訴我好嗎? 我會的謝謝我保證,沒什麼好擔心的好我去開史東警探,你好 你好請進 好你們好 你好晚安,抱歉打擾你們吃晚餐不,沒關係有何貴幹?我有好消息想親自過來告訴你們查理醒了他還好嗎?醫生說他的狀況穩定他還無法說話,但他們覺得應該快了好極了,謝天謝地我們可以去看他嗎?他還沒完全清醒但他們說明天就可以見訪客了這個案子目前進度如何?我們還是得訊問他如果他明天能開口,我會幫他做筆錄他仍是目前最有機會的線索那就不打擾你們用餐了謝謝我送你出去病危呼救,六號病床好消息是及時搶救但差點來不及不,這不合理怎麼會發生這種事?用藥疏失這麼嚴重的機率微乎其微所以…你是說有人趁他睡著時溜進去殺他?我知道聽起來很瘋狂不 什麼…我不覺得聽起來很瘋狂我們派了位警官守在他的病房外現在起只有得到授權的人才能進去那家人呢?很抱歉我不能讓你們見他查理被攻擊的方式幾乎跟他母親一樣我唯一能得到的結論就是攻擊查理的人跟蘿倫的死有關現在此案列為謀殺案好,那現在要做什麼?你們三位是跟查理和蘿倫最親近的人你們得接受偵訊你在說什麼?我們是嫌犯?對目前的嫌犯只有你們但在那之前我要先去看一下查理謝謝(醫療中心)警探?你好怎麼了? 查理你感覺如何?跟我看起來差不多怎麼了? 希望你能提供線索你現在可以說話嗎?可以我不知道我能幫上什麼忙你昏迷快一個禮拜了等一下,什麼?其他人呢?他們知道我沒事嗎? 知道瑪雅,亞曼達和你爸每天都會過來幾乎寸步不離今天不在是因為我要他們離開為什麼?因為我得問你幾個問題而且…你在昏迷期間有人闖進來把嗎啡灌入靜脈注射器裡劑量足以殺死你查理,我要你回想一下事發當晚當時只有你自己一個人嗎?我不知道我記得我出去喝酒請你盡量回想這很重要我記得某件事某人抓著我,然後我的手臂很痛是因為藥物嗎? 什麼?醫生發現你體內有鎮痛劑不我那天晚上沒服藥我想要,我跑出去找但…找不到你是說有人對你下藥?我想不起來了那秋水仙鹼藥片呢?我們在你車上找到秋水仙鹼是什麼?我看到你盯著她的樣子所以你承認了我只是想感受…悲傷以外的其他情緒但並沒有讓我好過一點只是讓我更有…罪惡感我能感受到的只剩悲傷和罪惡感你真的希望我會同情你?她是查理的女朋友如果查理發現了 我知道我知道想到查理躺在醫院裡就讓我痛不欲生亞曼達,我累了我厭倦了爭吵厭倦了謊言我只希望一切快點結束你希望結束什麼?你是對的幾年前那件事我背著蘿倫偷吃那是個愚蠢的錯誤我無法告訴她我每天都後悔不已現在她…她走了我太懦弱了,不敢告訴她不敢跟她說我有多抱歉不敢說罪惡感如何吞噬我的內心無論你怎麼想,我真的很愛她我對她的愛勝過一切我無意傷害她你要去哪裡?伊恩我是史東 喬許,我是亞曼達你現在可以說話嗎? 可以我正要打給你我剛跟查理聊過,發現一件有趣的事絕對比不上剛才伊恩跟我說的話他承認他外遇 什麼?應該讓你看他的樣子,他說那些話時感覺就像…好像在招供一樣我現在要去健康中心我們約在那裡?健康中心?好,但我… 好快過去我不能再這樣下去了否則我會再也無法面對自己我懂你照我們討論的做了?對我…我跟她說了我們的事還有我背叛了蘿倫我全都說了我真為你感到驕傲我知道這麼做不容易但你不用再背負罪惡感了就像蘿倫常說的和諧始於內在所以…你來了 對怎麼回事?幫我到伊恩辦公室裡找個東西什麼? 稍後再解釋我需要搜索令才能搜查這間公司算是你的嗎?嚴格來說我擁有一半你同意我搜查這裡嗎?(辦公室)我們要找什麼?查理說發生意外當晚他被人攻擊通常我不會完全採信但他在醫院裡也受到攻擊所以這個說法有點可信怎麼回事?有人對他下藥,把他推下山脊你覺得是他爸做的?更離奇的事都發生過聽到你說他外遇的事我覺得這動機至少足以讓我們追查他只要找到跟查理意外有關的東西這是…看來找到凶器了你看 秋水仙鹼抱歉,看來你對伊恩的懷疑是對的我是史東知道了你家傳出兩聲槍響快走 什麼?(辦公室)待在車上,鎖上車門有人在那裡嗎?有人嗎?有人在那裡嗎?瑪雅,你在那裡做什麼?是伊恩…他朝我開槍我們在小屋裡聊天聊到一半,他掏出一把槍他… 好,你沒事吧?我沒事伊恩在哪裡? 我不知道我拿了球棒把他打昏就逃走了 好是亞曼達嗎?你沒事吧? 沒事他在裡面 好伊恩他…不,他還活著怎麼了? 放輕鬆別掙扎 怎麼回事?你被逮捕了什麼? 你用致命武器攻擊企圖謀殺你兒子,可能還殺了你太太這太扯了我不知道怎麼回事但我沒傷害任何人 走吧瑪雅,告訴他伊恩,對不起,你需要協助亞曼達?請你把他帶走 什麼?不不,你搞錯了亞曼達,瑪雅都結束了(醫療中心)看到你坐著實在太棒了感覺也很棒我從沒想過我會這麼急著想下床是嗎?你還是覺得你明天就可以回家了?醫生是這麼說的但我不確定聽了你說的事之後家的感覺還剩多少查理,很遺憾他做了那些事實在難以置信我知道我還在試圖釐清這一切他為什麼要殺了她?只是為了保險金?加上他跟我媽之間的問題我還是不敢相信他告訴你外遇的事我也不相信經過了這麼久你覺得有幫兇嗎?我不知道我覺得有可能我沒跟我媽說過,但…我爸的事我一直相信你真的? 對我只是不願承認你記得幾年前健康中心被人破壞嗎?怎麼了? 我覺得不是搶劫是我爸甩了一個女生,她把東西拿走你為什麼跟我說這件事?因為…我很抱歉也許我說出來,事情就不會變成這樣我媽可能還活著聽我說別怪自己犯錯的人只有伊恩好嗎?好重要的是你要回家了我們會一起撐過這一關我們是一家人好嗎? 好那晚過後,我們一直沒機會聊聊是啊對不起給你我得填一堆文件解釋來龍去脈我相信你還好嗎?好一點了但還是很震驚你呢?伊恩的情況如何?還是很好鬥不斷提出各種理由來否認一切但證據讓他百口莫辯我知道 相信我他會離開很長一段時間你們可以不用擔心聽說查理要回家了是啊我早上剛去看他他們說他明天就能出院了他能回家一定很棒很高興能讓一切恢復正常盡可能恢復正常健康中心狀況如何?暫時關閉幾週,讓我們想清楚下一步瑪雅一直說我該接手而不是賣掉讓她留下來當員工我猜的 我也這麼覺得只是…我沒想過要接管我爸媽的健康中心蘿倫的健康中心你的健康中心無論如何我都覺得你應該留下來有人在那裡嗎?(全系列健康產品)(準備結帳,按這裡看購物車)亞曼達阿姨查理抱歉這麼晚打給你如果不方便說話 不,沒關係我明天就要出院了,護士不再盯著我沒事吧? 沒事一切都好我只是想問個問題我想釐清一件事 好訂秋水仙鹼那天你在電腦前面我看過監視器畫面好如果你沒有訂藥,為何要在電腦前?我保證不是要指控你做了什麼事我只是想釐清這一切不,沒關係我懂,但我真的不記得了好,請你試著回想那應該是重新開幕前幾天記得你媽找我合夥那晚嗎?訂單是隔天下的等一下是我媽開始覺得想吐那晚瑪雅在照顧她她叫我去看電腦上的時間表什麼?瑪雅叫你去用電腦?對,怎麼了?喂?亞曼達阿姨?太好了,你醒了什麼…瑪雅,你為何這麼做?我不想這麼做這一切本來都不該發生不該有人受傷不該有人喪命但你出現,摧毀了一切就像三年前一樣是你伊恩外遇的對象是你對,本來沒事的,但你告訴了蘿倫伊恩就結束了這段關係所以你才殺了蘿倫?因為伊恩跟你分手?不,我本來不想殺了她我只是來這裡工作,想惹怒他他要我離開,但我愛上了查理天啊,蘿倫對我很好特別照顧我她信任我,栽培我依賴我然後你出現了她就把公司的一半分給了你這不公平如果你這麼在乎蘿倫,為何殺了她?我不是要殺死她只是想讓她生病在她康復期間幫她管理公司讓她看到該留下的人是我不是你不只是蘿倫你還傷害查理誣陷伊恩,對吧?把藥放在他的辦公室裡?你讓我別無選擇蘿倫為你做了這一切她大發慈悲試圖幫你,但你…你卻殺了她,摧毀她所在乎的一切這都是因為你是你害的你一直要警探來調查我不要為了一個愚蠢的錯誤失去一切,在牢裡度過餘生你懂嗎?你是個怪物 不很可惜只有你這麼覺得不不無論如何我真的很抱歉瑪雅,求求你你不需要這麼做不,我非做不可但你別擔心我會照顧查理繼續經營蘿倫留下來的健康中心閉上眼睛想像找個能讓你感到舒適的地方讓平靜的波浪流過全身讓其他事物就此消失很好你來了 你好新老師如何?她很好她不是蘿倫,但有誰跟她一樣呢?查理,謝謝你的幫忙沒有你,我根本無法經營這裡我樂在其中這裡的視野也不賴你得繼續練習保持內心平靜,好嗎?你好你好我想跟你道歉,我這麼對待你還有我做過的事我也很抱歉竟然以為是你幹的我只想繼續前進我還沒原諒你跟瑪雅之間的事不過我不想再生氣了我也是我想試試看我也是兒子你要跟查理說伊恩和瑪雅的事嗎?不了我之前說過,結果讓這個家四分五裂他永遠沒機會請求蘿倫的原諒現在他可以請求查理的原諒所以…你決定要留下來了嗎?看起來是這樣沒錯我要跟伊恩和查理一起經營這裡全新的開始我覺得蘿倫會以你為榮的是啊感受平靜感受周遭的空氣(2019年3月30日上傳)拋開過去(觀看次數)未來尚未到來只要專注於當下保持呼吸和平靜拋開周遭事物拋開有形的一切讓自己保持平靜讓過去退散活在當下很好謝謝觀賞翻譯:SDI Media