 Caption Riper:ShiLeiAttention all units...
HQ calling Central Patrol.A Chinese male robber
is holding a hostage on Dudell street.All units proceed immediately.Don't come over. I'll kill him.Don't come over.Two guards are dead.Shit, so many of us
and we can't do anything.We'll be the laughing stock of town.Let him go.Just like that case of the jeweller's.That hostage was seriously injured.He got away
and the hostage was still hurt.Same deal, the hostage is yours,
I get the nutcase.You guys will let him go.Get over there. Dare you shoot?
 Put your gun down.You guys never put on a good show.Put your gun down, get over there.Kam, take a look at the hostage.You bastards, shooting at the hostage!I'll sue you.Why don't you send me to the hospital?The hostage asked me why I shot him.I told him the gun misfired.He says he'll sue.These guns are supplied by the U.K.Go sue the England. And he started crying.
 Kam.You go ahead first.The boss wants to see us.
Let's take his lecture together.What a mess!Your spinal nerves
are affecting your right hand.Making it periodically out of control.This is very serious.Before it gets worse,you should get a suspension first."Malaysia""HANG FUNG SHIPPING CO. LTD."Mr. Tse? I've been looking for you.One of my staff
left something at the hotel.You've got it, right? Please return it.Yes, the photo album.You must have seen the shipping schedule,and went to check us out
at the Shipping Company.The guy is too greedy.I don't care where he's from, kill him.Yes!Petrol.Send him on his way.The body is over there. What have you found?
 A bag and a HK passport.Inform the HK Police immediately."Hong Kong"."Resignation""SUPERINTENDENT MR. MCDONALD"Come in.You remember your old partner,
Skinny Tse.He may have been killed in Malaysia.The body will be back tomorrow.You were such friends with him.You'd want to do the case anyway, right?Freeze, Police!Be care!"Work carefully and safely"Informer!All of you stay back.Don't move, get back to the station.Are you alright? My leg.
 Tse, brace up.John.Two more weeks to the wedding.Are you regretting it?The wedding has to be postponed.Why?Before it gets worse.You better apply for suspension first.I have my reasons.I've taken on Tse's case.It's best if we wait
until the case is over.Let me take you home."Malaysia"Tse looks pretty good all dressed up.Quite smart.Looks as if he could live to 90.Then pop, he's gone.Hope it's not him.The loose ends from the drug case
may have caused his murder.He was followed to Malaysia.Of course not.
His boss was killed in jail.Tse hid in S.E. Asia cause he wanted out.My negligence
forced Tse to go into hiding.Sergeant Lan, I'm Waipong Wong.Call this rookie 1006 Kwok Keung Lun.Tell him to meet me at the morgue.I'm Pak, not Lan.Sergeant Lan has gone on leave.I'll call the rookie for you.Got a call. You want to squash me to death?
 Sorry!Back...Nurse, is it serious?Over 10 stitches.
Won't be able to sit for a while.A permanent scar too.Please call me if there are any changes.I'm from the Police. My name is...Kwok Keung Lun!And you're Ada?This is my number.Call me if something happens.Call me even if nothing happens.Shit, forgot to call back.Inspector Ong from Malaysia. Our Inspector Wong.
 Welcome!Crime Unit, Chief Inspector Waipong Wong.I'm Chat Fu Ong.Just call me John.And me, Ong.Come inside.Sorry!Do you know Chief Inspector Wong?Is he here? He told me to report here.I'm 1006, Kwok Keung Lun.Shit!Let's begin. I'm Kam!
 How are you!Since Malaysia has notified us.We've contacted Tse's family.He's been missing for 2 weeks.If Tse's case involves both areas,we'll probably have to go to Malaysia. Your turn, Ong.
 Good.Run it!The deceased was 1.7m,estimated weight 45kg.Was burnt with petrol.Bruises on his bones.But basically the body is in one piece.Xray shows his left leg
has been operated on,where a metal joint was put in.It matches completely with your Xrays.We found his bag at the scene of murder.With a photocopy of shipping schedules.Those circled
are ships bounds for Hong Kong.These duplicated photo
were also in the bag.Do you recognize?You won't get sick over this.The mousetachio is Kanin Ho.He owns a shipping Company.He was obviously blackmailed.As for Tse' murder,the only clue lies with him.But investigating rich men is a problem.See if you have enough clout.John!The guy with Ho is from Malaysia.Do you know him?He is Ching Han,
doing very well in Hong Kong lately.He's something,
got filthy rich just like that.Can't imagine he has a clean record.What are you up to now, Clumsy Lun.Selfmade bugging device.Doesn't work. No sound.Maybe the batteries are flat?You're using batteries!It's the age of hydroelectricity.You just have to spit on it and it works. Have you tried the ones you piss on.
 Kam.You with him go away!I'm going with the rookie
to check Ho out.We're C.I.D. From Central Crime Unit.We would like Mr. Ho
to assist in an investigation.What do you mean by this?Make an appointment with my office.Should I take a gift too?I'm not kidding you.Talk to my lawyer.He's stalling.Kam, can you see over there
by the flag poles.Someone's taking pictures of us.Shit, must be a talent scout. There's another there on the podium.
 Kam, Lun.You fix the one at the flag poles.They've planned their exit.I though only cops tailed people.How come we're being tailed?Sign here please.Sorry, it's urgent. Thanks!
 Crime Unit!Is Inspector Wong there?Hold on.Waipong Wong!John, it's me, Maggie.I told you
we stop meeting each other for a while.Don't call again.John!We've got the gay kid who's with Ho.His name is Ah Chi.
Lives in Wanchai, comes out rarely.Only wholesale deals, no retail trade.Been to every gay hangout
and 2 guys know him. Bring him in.
 Yes!I'm Inspector Wong from Crime Unit.We have an appointment
with Mr. Ho at 4 p.m.Do you have a booking?How can you say there's no appointment!I came personally yesterday.Mr. Ho is busy for the rest of the month.Open up.So noisy, must be a gay party.Open up.Shit.Is John there?What? Go on.The circled ship is arriving today
and will leave in 2 days' time.Do we have time to apply for a permit.It's too big,
we won't have time to search.We'll discuss it when I get back.The guy's still following.I know I've failed.Tried twice to meet the guy.I didn't mean you.I meant those guys are tailing us again.Tailing us? If send up here.
 Where?Let's play hide and seek.Don't scare them.You take one end, I'll take the other.Go!Careful!Freeze, C.I. D!Gun, he's got a gun.Move off.Freeze.You've got guns too. You can shoot too!Hell.You're lucky to be alive.Are you alright?
Scared the hell out of me.Well, Sir?What about the one you were after? He got away.
 O. K?Fine. Fix them up.
 Yes, sir!Shit! Two are gone in a day.Looks like a really tricky case.They really want to know
where we're going.Ho is leaving for Seattle tomorrow.What can we do if he leaves?We can't stop him from going.But I can fix it so that he can't go.Kam, let's put on a good show tomorrow.We'll have some fun with him.Good, it won't so boring then.What we do to Ho tomorrow
is not in the rule book.Can lose your job anytime.If you don't want to take part.I'll apply for your transfer.I'm right behind you.I can't transfer just after I've started.We'll have some fun!You got my photos
to coerce me into cooperation.Now there's murder and you hang in on me?Who did you kill in Malaysia?Why are the cops after me?I've got someone tailing the cops.Anything happens, I'll handle it.The guy was killed in Malaysia,so that your photos won't get out.Your other Board Members
will not like it.If this is revealed.Your companies will suffer.You know
I can fix the cops and the gangs.If you're smart,
wait for the cargo to arrive safely,or else I can squash you
with my little finger.You hear?Don't come looking for me.I'll arrange everything for you.Someone will meet you in Seattle.I'm Lun from Crime Unit.Mr. Ho, lower your window please.Ignore him, go on.Mr. Ho!He really ignored me.Forget it, we'll move in on him.Kam, all yours.Got it.Get going. You're really slow.Slow? I haven't seen him yet.Mr. Ho. It's a red light.Just go on.You see that! Aren't you slow? Go over!Are you crazy? We said punch twice.Get going, you're slow even to get away.Where are the car keys?Wait for me.Shit, wait for me!
You never told me about switching cars.Who told you to drive this car away?We drive it away, he can't move.Why didn't you say so before?If I didn't get on,
I'd be in real trouble.You're so fast, you're bound to catch me.You're putting me on.Park it, I'll sort it out with you.Mr. Ho, what happened?I don't know.Those guys were here to beat you up.They'll probably come back.You'd better give me a statement.You are very brave.
I'll sort it out with you.No one must know we're having it out.I don't think you can take it.
I'll let you start.You go first. Cari mati.What "Cari mati", what do you mean?It's Malay, you want to die, Curry what?Carry me?You started it.I let you go first.Cari mati! Carry me...
 My glasses...Your reaction is pretty fast too.Hurry, we're not through yet. Cari mati!Mr. Ho, look again.
Do you recognize this man?They were masked.How would I know?No! Have you seen him before?No!Do you know who Skinny Tse is?No!Think clearly.I don't understand the law.
Talk to my lawyer.I'm going abroad tonight.Thank you for letting me
return to the office.Sign the statement please.You may go.I know how to look after people
who do not know law.Thank you for your cooperation.We'll find your car.We've sent the stuff out. Let's see how he reacts.
 Yes!Please deliver this
to Mr. Ho immediately.It's urgent. He must see it at once.The meeting is adjourned.He took the photos
and returned to his office.I told him to take $1M
to the cinema tomorrow.Will he take the bait?If he is behind Tse's killing.He's going to
murder this blackmailer as well.If he calls the police.Our plan fails.Nobody knows we're behind this.If he does,
we'll just take over the case.He's gone downstairs.Calling station, he's made a showing.You go and play the blackmailer.Wait for him in front of the cinema.What if he recognizes me.Get made up, then he won't.Go and get prepared.Kam, according to plans. Follow me.
 Yes!Will you guys look out for me.No problem!Calling grasshopper.What's it like at the cinema?We've been watching.Lun has been waiting for over an hour.No show.Nothing here either.It's not time yet.Hey, one big blue whale went by. Everybody standby.
 Yes!Standby!Climbing over at 6 furlong.Bastard,
you come right through the red lights!You want to die young.Can't you see me?If you die, don't find me.If you scratch me, I'll sue you.He's making a call. Trace it.
 Yes, Sir!Trace the call. Mr. Ching Han please!
 Who is it?It's Ho! Tell him to come to the phone.Mr. Han says you
should not call him again.Han wouldn't take his call.It's really you!Something's up. Don't move!
 Don't shoot. She's my friend.Abort. Abort. Everybody in positions.Are you on duty?
Then I won't get in the way.Bye bye, careful! Bye bye.Call me. Anything happening?
 Nothing at all.Help! Come!Screaming for help!Go in!All units, move.Quick.Call the police.You're foolish!So slow.What is it?The guy cut his wrists.Oh shit! Get an ambulance.
 Yes, Sir!Get an ambulance.He's still alive, get him to hospital. Hurry!
 Quick.Call the Emergency ward to standby.Notify P.C. Chan to seal all news.Don't let the reporters know.Also, tell Lun to wrap up.You're out tomorrow.Still remember my name? Ada.
 Good boy. Back home you can't jump.
 OK.Go see your female patient?Today you scare me to death.I have a case at 15th floor.Tonight I'll be there all night.Can I go there and find you?OK, don't forget to bring some food.What kind of food?Peanuts, chips, beef jerky, chocolates.That's junk food.
I'll get you something else.I bring something else for you.O. K!Ho is alright now. He needs to rest, don't ask too long
 Thanks.How's going inside?If you were willing to cooperate,you wouldn't be in this mess.Someone is blackmailing you,so you had him murdered.Now you know you can't get away with it.Did you kill Tse? A lawyer.
 Lawyer obey the law too.You committed murder.
A lawyer can't save you.The deceased was my friend.I'm speaking to you
in a personal capacity.I want my lawyer.Don't throw a lawyer at me.
You killed my friend. I didn't...
 You didn't?Then why won't you cooperate? You say!I didn't kill.If you cooperate,
you can avoid a scandal.I didn't kill.How can you face people now.Where's your shitty bugging device.
Let's have it.Did you kill Tse? I didn't.
 You still deny it.No...Will you talk?If you didn't, who did?The one who's blackmailing you.If not, then you did it.He can't take it anymore, John.Don't deny it. Who is blackmailing you?You're really scum.Now none is going to protect you.Your name will be ruined. Talk!Ching Han! Him!Come out soon.Get a doctor.Kam, burn up this false stuff. What is it?
 How will I know?The only way to save yourself
is for you to,tell us who's blackmailing you.Han secretly had me photographed,and has been threatening me
to help him move cargo with my ships.What sort of cargo?Cans. But I don't know what's in them.How come Tse is involved?I don't know him.Han says
Tse found the photos by accident,and he had to be killed.What sort of cargo is Han moving?Not sure moving what sort of cargo.I'll search in the godown."HANG FUNG SHIPPING CO. LTD.
STORE NO. 2"Door's open.Told you it's open.Bother.Shit, telling me to watch these guys.Wasting my talents.I will be change a gay early or lately.If I go on the streets,crime rate would fall."DISPENSARY"Got it!Let's move this out. Put the goods onto the truck quickly.
 Yes.We'll move it all out tonight. Meal's on me.
 O. K!He looks familiar. Do you know him?It's the number 1 from the next district.Han is really good.Got our people too. Blonde chick.
 Target for emigration.This is even better, can't emigrate,
pick this one.Where's my snack? Catch!
 Thank you!Peanuts, kumquats, apricots,
beef jerky and chocolates. You have to eat it all up.
 O. K! He's my partner, Kam!
 Hello!Clumsy Lun,
I see you're not so clumsy now.Really, is he clumsy? Well, enough?
 Miss!All the nurses are so pretty.Even that blonde nurse
just now is pretty.Blondes!
This hospital has only Chinese nurses. The salt water bottle.
 Shit!Where are you going?Sorry! What is it?
 Look after Mr. Ho!Lun, what is it?Hurry and get out. Get her out.
 Yes, Sir!What's happened?Careful. Take Ho to the 13/F. Quick!Hold it! Something is wrong upstairs.
 Shit!Auntie...Kam, come with me.Hurry up!Hurry! Get up!Kam, turn off the mains.Coming down, hurry.Damn you!Wong, are you really?Yes, have you seen him?No.Oh, I seen him.Wong!What are you doing here, go down.Kam, careful down below.What are you doing below.I hit the safety switch by mistake.Shit!That guy's hanging.Help me! I can't take it, save me!I can see him, John!Is he near to you now?Yes, I'll get him.Help!It's dangerous, he's got a grenade.Help!Oh Shit!Get Doctor Chang!Mind the way, excuse me!Oxygen, we need oxygen.Let's help him, alright?Hurry, why blood won't come? Excuse me!
 Blood... hurry up!Come here, help me, hurry up!Hold the salt water bottle, hurry up!We've got Ho's statement.Why can't we go and get Han now?Ho is dead.You go and alert Han now,he'll sue you like hell, idiot!That's true. Last year a guy
cheated so much money from the banks,but he was judged not guilty.It's a mess anyway.What is it? All your fathers died?This case is not over yet.Look at this.Powdered milk.That's right, what's wrong?If so many
can get killed over powdered milk,women wouldn't dare have children.Let's take it for tests.We have an informer in the police.You must help us find out
what this stuff is.What are these? Plant seeds.I'll let you know.It's urgent but you be careful.Nobody must know about it.I'll conduct the tests
when none is around.Call me when you have the results.I'll wait for your call.John.Let's go. It's a family affair.Wait!This is your birthday gift to me.Do you want it back?I'll call you with the results.Just take care.I will.I hope I can help you break the case.He's back, quiet.These guys have really got guts.Following us again!What do we do?Calm down, they won't get away.Hawk calling H.Q., I'm P.C. Chan.According to the information,
we discovered the drug dealer.We must stick an eye on him, over.This is Inspector Wong.I'm going past Sheung Wan Street.One light brown 4door sedan,registration B.T. 6041.4 suspects in the car.We are proceeding to Wing Lok Street.Keep an eye on them, over!We've got to catch them today.Here they come.I've never had a gun fight yet.Shut the door and watch the fun.Looks like they're armed.They're armed.Get some help.Those inside do not move. We are C.I.D.We're C.I.D. Too.
Why are you following us?We'll shoot if you don't come out.Shit, whoever shoots first gets it.Get down!Put your I.D. Away.They are getting out their guns.Kam, Ong, don't shoot.
Someone is playing a bad joke on us.Kam, Ong!Really C.I.D.'s.How are you? A gun fight!
 This serious?Someone was lying in wait for us. Attack the police? Seal the place!
 Yes, sir!Looks like guys from the next district.Bad luck for them,
barging in on us like this.You jerks come up with something new
each day.Don't let news of this get out.Or it will make the top 10 charts.Our crime unit says
someone is following them,someone gave us a tipoff
to follow your guys, Sir! Tell them all to come out. Now.
 Yes, Sir!All of you inside come out.This is Ng. Don't come out.How can you guarantee your guys
won't attack my guys.If my guys were to shoot,
your guys can't come out.I guarantee their safety.O.K.I'm Law from Central.Our guys come out.Who started the shooting?I'll put this in my report,
you just wait.I fired the first shot.People like you ruin the police's image.Do you think that Peter arranged this.Isn't that Ching Han?Inspector Wong, pleased to meet you.How are you?I hear your gang is very thorough, good!Hong Kong has only 10 years left,
not much time.How can we make a living
if we are not thorough.You know we are investigating you.You have your hands on my shoulders,
wanna deal?I don't know about deals.I knew you'd come looking for me.That's why I've come voluntarily.Go ahead, ask.
I'll try my best to answer.The answers you can give
are probably not good enough.No hurry, I'll be looking for you.Don't get a ticket for Seattle
when the time comes.You dropped something.Take it home and look it over.I don't know which beggar
threw that dirty money away.Tell him to go eat shit.Did you see that face!Watching us throw his money away. What fun!
 Fun, eh!My heart broke when I saw that money go.You can't suspend me now.I'm nearly there.Let me go on.How can there be
suddenly $300,000 in my bank?Someone is setting me up.Sorry, I.C.A.C. Is after you.Even then, I don't need to be suspended.When will we get enough evidence
to get Han?You talk to the I.C.A.C.Just give me one more month.Otherwise
all my work goes down the drain.Superintendent, Wong...Anymore from you,
you get an investigation too.Lun, don't mess about. I'll fix the boss.Ho was murdered at the hospital.This case is not finished yet.You'll be busy at the Courts
all the time.Don't go on investigating this month.I've got to make a call.Lun, Maggie called. Go and see what it is.
 OK.Hello, Maggie, Lun here.I've got it, it's cocaine seeds.After refinement, it becomes heroin.I'll tell Inspector Wong!One and half minutes left.Throw it out the window.No, there are pedestrians. There's building site there.
 Excuse me! Move over!
 Excuse...This way! Hurry up!Excuse... That's way! Hurry up!
 What do you do?Calling H. Q!Move off!I'll shoot if you don't stop.What is it?Hurry up!I'm C.I. D!Move off!Don't run... l'll shoot.You're idiot!Are you O.K. Kam?You're right, I'm slow.To let that old soldier shoot me,
shit on shit.You...My mother is really stubborn.She mustn't know I'm shot.Kam...Do you know where my son Kam is?The cop with the bad temper?Right, where is he? In bed number 52.
 Thank you! Kam!Oh Shit! Who shall I say it's from?
 Waipong Wong? How much?
 Waipong Wong, $200.Attention! Start!John! You have to go to Court tomorrow.I'm going back to K.L. Tomorrow.Your boss reported on me to my boss.H.Q. Wants me back.Can't send you off. Take care!
 I will!Sorry! Wong!I don't know
whether it's the right time to resign.My mother is afraid I'll get killed.She needs me to take care of her.Don't worry, I'll fix it.If you need help, anytime."The Supreme Court"Do you have any comments
on this investigation?Sorry, no comments.Mr. Han!How come you're involved in this?Actually decent businessmen like me,hate law keepers who are corrupt. Sorry!I never knew
we'd see one another in Court.But you're not after me, I'm after you.Frankly,
this is your chance to go straight.I feel sorry for you too.I've always doubted Hong Kong's law,but a lot of people
are wasting good time,nowadays studying basic law,
actually there is no law.Small matter.Spend a few years inside. Start again.Don't worry. Nothing will happen.Any problems, call me.You bastard. Don't fight!
 Let him go! Bastard!
 Don't fight!Excuse me! Don't fight!Let me go, I'll beat him to death.Don't bother, kid.
You need some vitamin pills.Let's go!Don't you leave. There are reporters here.
 Let me go! Don't fail for it!
 I can't live with it.If this is what a cop's life is, I quit. Lun!
 Lun. Kwok Keung Lun!Lun. Kwok Keung Lun! Where are you off to?
 Come on!Lun...$15!That's right. Just let it blow over.Love forever! $58.
 Miss! Give me a lighter. O. K!
 $15.What is it?Notify Inspector Wong and Kam.Tell them to wait, I've got a new clue.Let's go!At least you have to tell me where to go.I'm C.I.D. Follow that Rolls Royce.After some robbers?Where did you go?Don't ask me to do dangerous things.You take the car,
I'll get it back from police station.You bungled the job,
the cargo nearly didn't go out.It will be even more inconvenient.The police are watching us.Our transport network in S.E. Asia,has been completely destroyed by you.Ching Han, you are a man of resources,now there's a problem, what then?Mr. Molotov,
Hong Kong will be handed over soon,many are waiting to emigrate.They need money.I agree with you.This is the time to grab money.As long as we pay the price,not to mention drugs,you can ship
the entire Hong Kong to your country.This list are high government officials.Yes, we spent some money,but compared to our profits,this investment is peanuts.Traveler Chat Fu Ong,
who took flight 071 to Malaysia,please contact
the airport enquiry center.You're right.
Everybody looks to money now.Selling drugs and capitalism together
is the best way.Let's drink to 1997. Cheers!
 To greater success.Mr. Han,
that rookie has followed us here.Freeze!Trying to scare somebody? Have you called Inspector Wong!
 He'll be here soon.I've recorded Han's meeting.He's moving drugs for the Russians.Han's nailed this time.Lun!It's that guy.Can't call out.Go through that window.Jump down, quick.And give the tape to Inspector Wong!How come your face can be cut by a blade?I thought it was made of steel.I despise stupid people like you.You do not treasure your life.You go all the way each time,with no ulterior motive, no gains.I don't know for what.I thought stubborn people like you
have already become extinct.Mr. Han, we found the tape.Other than the kid,others must know our secret too.Pity, bad enough for you.Why did you get others involved?You want a quick death,
tell me who's heard this tape before.The janitor is dead.Lun!Don't, Lun! Let me go!
 Don't go over there. Lun...
 Sir.Lun!Lun!Let's go!Hide.Cari mati!Let's go!That's way!Kam...Hurry!I'll smash you to death.Don't release the pedal.Jump, we're crashing. Are you O. K?
 No problem!You bastard, go to hell!Few years later will be 1997.Many people are waiting for immigration.They need money.I agree with you.We should take this time
and earn some money.As long as we can pay for it,not only smuggling drug,I can smuggle everything in Hong Kong
to your place.People in the list
are important people in the government.We never found out who's on Han's list.But the drugs leaving Hong Kong
were found by the Marine Police.At least your efforts were not wasted.The doctor says my stitches
will be removed next month.I want to apply to be with you.I thought you wanted to quit.On second thoughts,in this world,
it would be safer to carry a gun.Excuse me, which one is Inspector Wong?I've been transferred from
the Western District.Number 1003, Chuchia Butt!Don't know where he's...I am Waipong Wong!We'll talk about it back in the station.Yes, Sir!This car, don't you want your own car?No, sir!Working with this longhaired weirdo,
shit!Wait me!